So, you want to become a professional sports better. You might think the hardest part about becoming professional is learning how to win. But you're actually wrong. The hard part actually begins after you learn to win because this industry doesn't filter out losers. Losers are great customers. The industry filters out the winners. Sports books are just like any other business and their main goal is to profit as much money as possible. So, as a professional sports better, when you start winning on a sports book, they will do everything in their power to limit the damage that you can do to them. And that usually comes in terms of limits, not being able to bet more than a few dollars on a certain game. Meanwhile, on the other end of the spectrum, you have the losers. And the sports books love their business and will increase their limits, allowing them to bet whatever they want. Now, as a professional sports better, this is going to be the hardest hurdle to get past is, you know, experiencing these limits and still being able to bet enough money to actually make a re reasonable income. Like I said earlier, winning is really the easy part. Even with a small bankroll, you can easily make $10 to $20,000 a year sports betting. But the big difference between a recreational better or a semi-sharp sports better and a professional is that ability to scale into some real income. So instead of making 10 to $20,000, you know, the ability to make 75,000 a year, to make a h 100,000 a year and beyond, that is really a huge gap. Winning is easy, but scaling a bankroll is not easy. What I'm saying isn't hypothetical. I've been serious about sports betting for the last few years. And the only reason I'm not full-time is not because I can't win. I've made over $70,000 in the last couple years sports betting while working a full-time job and raising a family. The only reason I haven't jumped to a full-time professional sports better is exactly what this video is going to be about. It's about the structural realities that nobody tells you about until you dive deep enough into them. Once you start winning, everything gets harder. Access dries up. Capital gets choked. Variance pushes your psychology. Account health becomes your oxygen supply. And partners become risk points. Taxes and accounting become mandatory. And the lifestyle looks nothing like the fantasy that people imagine. So, if you want to become professional sports better, obviously you need to learn how to win. And we'll get into that next. But first, you need a basic skill set that all sports betterers have. All professional sports betterers have the same skill set. Number one, you need to have a good understanding of math. Sports betting is basically 100% math oriented. There are a lot of people that don't even watch the sports or couldn't even name half the players on the teams that they're betting on and they are simply crunching numbers following the data. That is the most important thing for most professional sports betterers is having good data and knowing how to analyze that and produce actual numbers to bet. The second skill you're going to have, it kind of relates to the math, but it is really just problem solving skills. You have to be able to analyze where you're winning and losing and make some assumptions and, you know, change your strategies going forward based on that. Otherwise, you know, sports betting is really teachable and as long as you are willing to learn and always adjust your strategies, you can be a really successful sports better. So, let's talk about one way that you can make money sports betting and turn this into a profession. Now, if you really are becoming a professional, want to pursue a profession in sports betting, you're probably going to eventually need to know how to use all these different concepts to make money because one angle is probably not going to be enough if you're doing this full-time. So, the first angle, the first edge that a lot of people use is what we call top down betting. And this is where you find basically stale numbers in the market. If injury news comes out and all of a sudden the Celtics went from six-point favorites to 10 point favorites and a certain sports book still has a Celtics at only six point favorites, then you grab the bet on that book before the market adjust adjust. Basically, this whole idea is that the market always moves to the most efficient number and if you can grab stale lines or beat the closing line consistently, you will have a profit and you will make an edge. So, this is the type of sports betting that I've been doing for the past few years, and it's returned me about a 2.5% ROI. So, this is a really low uh ROI type of edge to have. It's based on volume where you want to rotate through as much money as possible to gain, you know, that 2 3% edge and and make some good profits. Another strategy that is commonly used by even top down betterers is what we call arbitrage betting. And that is where you're putting yourself in situations where you have absolutely zero risk, but you're guaranteed to make a profit. So basically, you're looking for two different sports books that have two different numbers and no matter what the outcome is, you are going to get paid out um profits. There's no chance of losing. So arbitrage betting is something that a lot of people do when they first start out because like I said, unless you make an error or a line of moves, you're going to just guarantee yourself profits. Now there is live arbitrage betting which is very profitable and a lot of people have a ton of success doing this because the books will take more limits. Uh but that just takes a little bit more experience. You need to be very fast to do a live arbitrage betting. Uh and same with top down betting. You can also do it live as well. This is probably really where there's a lot of money to be made versus pregame. Uh the edges are bigger and you can get down more money. So, if you're able to live bet arbitrage betting or top down betting, it's a really big advantage to have and a great source to make money. The third strategy is probably the highest return on your investment, but is also by far the most difficult one to do, and that is originating your own lines or handicapping your own plays. And this basically is you taking as much data as you can, putting it through some formulas, some mathematical formulas, and spitting out some fair value prices or some win probabilities, and then you can take those numbers that you came up with and compare them to the rest of the market to find plays with edges. Now, this is great because you are the only ones that have access to these numbers. So, when you're top down betting, when you're arbitrage betting, you are competing against thousands and thousands of people that are all trying to hit the same sports book at the same exact number. If you are originating your own lines, you now have the ability to wait for the market to move in a certain direction before you bet it. You're not competing with a bunch of other people because you're the only person that actually has these numbers. So, and your ROIs are going to be much greater if you can originate plays yourself, too. If you're betting player props, you may be able to originate plays between five and 15% edges versus if you're top down betting something, you're like you said, you're looking at 3% edges. So originating has a massive upside, but it takes a ton of ton of time. And there is no clear indicator whether your plays are good or not until you actually see the profits um come in or or if you lose money, your model does not work. But there's a lot of time and effort it takes to build a model and then learning if that model is good or not is another issue. And then also edges die. So you always need to be adapting. You don't want to bet the same way for multiple years thinking that you have a profitable strategy and then you know your money just starts slowly going away because that edge died on you. So originating has your highest upside, but also takes the most time um out of your day and is also probably the most difficult to do. But if you can figure out how to originate your own lines, that's really the easiest way to scale into a full-time job um of making hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. The last strategy to become a professional sports better or just be a full-time person in this industry would be to be a part of a bigger syndicate. Now, a syndicate is just a group of sports betterers that have an edge and are looking to make money on a large scale. This is ran like a business where you have the guys at the top handicapping plays and then you have people that are just there to get the money down. They have multiple account accounts on maybe mobile phones, they go to kiosks, uh they go to the sports books, they get the money down for the people that are calling the shots. Then you also have, you know, accountants for these groups. And you know, there's a lot of jobs within the syndicate that could be, you know, you could be doing this full-time. So, that is one option as well. That's something that I'm a little less familiar with and how exactly that side of things work. But, I know that there are opportunities within syndicates, but again, you need to know someone and you need to have a lot of trust when you're in one of these syndicates because uh there's a lot of money being touched by people um that you know, it's not actually their money. So, if someone has given you, you know, $50,000 to get down on a play, um, you know, it's their responsibility to get someone else's money down for them. It's, you know, there's a lot of liabilities and syndicates and it really works on a lot of trust. So, I just listed all these strategies off to you, but how do you actually apply these? There are many different tools out there on the internet that will help you learn how to top down better or arbitrage bet and give you alerts to when these bets appear. I own one of the tools called the Sharp Money Discord and this is a plus EV service. So, it's the top down strategy and it's all pregame. So, we're looking for stale lines to the market and picking off edges. Um, I've made most of my money with the strategy and with these bots. I would say this is not going to make you a professional. you're not you're going to need many more tools than just the chart money plus EV bots, but this is a great spot to start making a few thousand dollars a month. Um, if your bankroll can support it, if you have the time to do it, it's a great community where everyone is trying to, you know, turn this into a little bit of a side hustle. So, if you are interested in joining my community and having access to the plus EV bots, we have a free discord and the paid discord with the bots. So, check that out down below and you can join there and DM me if you guys have any questions. All right, let's take a little bit of a deeper dive into some of the issues you're going to have once you start winning. Like I said, winning is the easiest part about becoming a professional sports better. Winning is actually pretty simple. So, like I said, that first problem you're going to have is you're going to get limited on all of the retail sports books pretty fast. like FanDuel, DraftKing, Caesars, you're going to get limited down to very low amounts, amounts that would be hard to uh make a full living on. Personally, I started with $2,000 bankroll. I'm up to about $75,000 now. I've made about a little over $25,000 per year just doing this part-time. And I feel like my ability to scale has kind of been capped because of these limits. If I go on FanDuel, I may only be able to place a couple hundred on a bet. If I go on MGM, I'm able to place $10 on a bet. It really limits my ability to scale. So, to overcome this, you can create multiple accounts. You can sign up your friend, you sign up your mom, and you can, you know, bet on their accounts and get fresh limits and reset. Now, building multiple accounts is there's still some legality behind uh, you know, some states are starting to ban that. Um, but in a lot of states it's still kind of legal. It it violates the terms and conditions of the sports book. So, you are at risk of losing them money in the account or just getting new accounts closed if they think that someone else is betting from someone else's account. So, that's the reason I've never went to multiple other accounts is because I don't want to deal with that headache. But, if I was doing this professionally, that's something that you're going to have to deal with. You're going to have to um probably have a you know a bunch of different accounts. You're going to have different phones um maybe even different um Wi-Fi, different IP addresses so they don't all get linked together and it just starts becoming a headache. But this is something that you can do and if you are able to do it and build multiple accounts, it makes scaling very very easy and you could make $100,000 a year pretty easily with some fresh accounts. you get access to new promos, um, bonus bets, profit boost, all that. So, starting with fresh accounts, uh, makes sports betting very simple. It's also why your first, you know, few months of sports betting is also the easiest time to become profitable because the sports books assume that you're losing better because 95% of their customers are. So, they hand you promos and profit boosts that you can take advantage of and make some money with. So, the limits are the first thing. So, like I said, you're either building multiple accounts, uh you're either partnering with people, maybe texting people to get money down for you, and this becomes a an accounting headache as well, where uh you know, people are making money under their name, so they have to claim it under their taxes, but you're the one that actually profited it. So, they need to file their taxes a certain way. uh you need to, you know, work a percentage of, you know, I'm only going to take 50% of the profit so that you can have some extra profits for me using your account and covering all the taxes with the money I made. So, it it becomes a headache and that's part of becoming a professional sports better. If you are going to probably do top down betting or arbitrage betting, you're going to need multiple accounts to really do this full-time. If you're still watching this video, we're over 10 minutes in. I really appreciate you guys sticking around and I can tell that you're interested in this topic. Please take a second out of your day and just hit the thumbs up on this video and also subscribe to the channel if you haven't already. Thank you guys. So, let's just assume that you have a winning strategy now. You have multiple accounts so you can get down pretty much as much money as you want. Now bankroll becomes the issue and surviving and actually having a real income becomes very difficult because this isn't like a nineto-five job where you're getting paid a couple thousand dollars every week or two. This is you have no idea when the money is coming. Um if you are top down betting or you know originating your own lines this is something that maybe you can project out for the year but you never know exactly how much money you're going to make or not. So, let's just say your starting bankroll is $100,000, which is probably about what you're going to need to really do this full-time. And let's just say your goal is to double your bankroll in one year. So, in that one year, you may, you know, you plan on winning $100,000. That's a great salary. That's a a you know, great income, especially if you're doing it through sports betting. The problem is monthly and weekly this growth to $100,000 in profit could be very very scary. A lot of sports bers if you're betting long enough you'll experience some very down some very bad downtrends losing maybe 50% of your bankroll. So, in the first three months you decide to do this profitably and do this full-time, instead of making all this money, you could be down, you know, 20 $30,000 the first few months because of the volatility of sports betting. Even with an edge, you can still lose money. Now, long term, if you keep hammering that edge, and that edge is true, you will eventually reach, you know, your $100,000 in profit. But this is a very stressful life to live. Um, people don't talk about that enough. People assume that profitable sports bers are profitable every day all the time and it's just not the case. Unless you're arbitrage betting, but if you are, you know, originating or or top down betting, you're going to experience some swings and it is, you know, it's it can take an emotional toll on you when you are banking on this income every month and it's not there. And not only are you spending time uh doing your research, putting in these bets, you're putting it in like countless hours of doing this, and at the end of the week, you ended up losing money. So, it's it's a very difficult field to be into for that reason. And that is one of the main reasons that I have never took that that risk. um the upside is there where you can make you know tons and tons of money but at the same time I like to live a comfortable life and have my sports betting income be you know an addition to my regular salary. Let's talk about a little bit more of the professional betterers lifestyle. And it's not what you see from most professional betterers that are making content or they claim to be professional betterers where they're buying the Lamborghini, they're buying the mansion, they have all this flashy jewelry. That is those are not real sports betterers. Most of those guys are what I would just call salesmen and they're just selling you on sports picks where they are making money uh based on their subscription and their members are paying them monthly for their picks that are probably garbage. It's always this big thing where if you had an edge, you wouldn't really be selling picks because you could just bet them yourself and make a ton of money. So, real professional sports betterers, they don't have this glamorous lifestyle. They are typically glued to the screens crunching numbers. They're not watching the games. They are just glued to their screen because, you know, time is money. And the more time that you can spend at a screen betting, the more money that you can make. And, you know, unlike a normal job, you don't get vacation time. You don't get sick days. So, if you miss an NFL Sunday um a couple weeks or something like that, it's it's going to take a dent out of, you know, your expected profit. You don't get paid. You don't have sick time. So, it's another thing that you have to think about that, you know, the professional lifestyle is not as good as you think. And there is demand to be at your screen 24/7 because in the sports betting market, there's always opportunity to make money. There's sports year round and the markets are constantly moving. Whether it's 2 a.m. in the morning or 2 in the afternoon, there's opportunity to be placing bets. And you know, it's a it's a tough lifestyle where you could basically work 24 hours around the clock if you wanted to. And a lot of people fall into this um you know into the trap of working like so many extra hours because they're trying to make more money and the um possibility of making money is always there. So it's a it's honestly a tougher lifestyle and I know if I ever went full-time I would be glued to my screen and I would probably have a a worse life at home because I'd be so kind of addicted to making money uh sports betting. So it's that's kind of the trade-off for me. That's another reason I haven't gone full-time. But that is the the reality of a professional sports better. They're your average Joe's. You know, they don't look any different than someone else. They're not wearing flashy clothes. You know, that is all kind of a myth or facade. Those are salesmen. Real professional betterers really aren't even making content and they are fully so focused on, you know, making money because that's their living. So, here's kind of my final take on becoming a professional sports better. And if you're still watching this video, maybe you aspire to be a professional sports better one day. If you understand, you know, the risk you're taking and, you know, the true lifestyle of a professional sports better and it's still appealing to you, honestly, I say go for it. And if you are someone that is kind of in the middle like me where you are sports betting um as part-time income and you're curious about when you should make the switch to full-time and quit your job. Now, that is obviously a personal opinion, but if I ever crossed the point to where I was making, you know, equal amount of money sports betting and at my full-time job, then I would probably take it more seriously and probably quit and go full-time because if I gave my full attention to sports betting, um I'm sure I could nearly double my profits every year. So, if you're in that kind of spot, you know, that's where I always uh felt comfort of switching to full-time. I don't think I'll ever get there because of the limits on my personal accounts and really um me not wanting to build out extra accounts. So, I don't think I'll ever get there right now. I'm comfortable with my job. I like my job a lot. I like the extra income on top of it. It's allowed me to do um a lot of extra things, go on extra vacations, um buy a nice truck, and you know, buy a piece of property uh to build our next house on. So, it's really opened up doors for me um as a semi-professional sports better. So whether you are pursuing this as full-time maybe one day, you need to start somewhere and I recommend getting into the sharp money uh discord because we are a community full of sports bers that are trying to make money and we share ideas with each other and you also have access to the plus EV bot. So, this is a great way to just, you know, take dive in. Even if it's, you know, you just want to do this, uh, you know, recreationally to start. You know, our Discord is $50 a month, so it's not going to break the bank to try this. And who knows, maybe one day you'll evolve and become a full-time professional. Um, you know, but you got to start somewhere. So, if you want to check out the Discord, I'll leave that link below. Thank you guys for watching. I'm also going to put this video up right here which is more about the Sharp Money Plus EV bots if you guys are interested. So, appreciate you guys watching. I'll see you on the next one.