If you're brand new to Khi or the prediction markets, this video is for you. This is a beginners's guide on how to use Kali, which is going to be a very similar setup to any prediction market that you might see. So, in this video, we'll discuss what bid and ask prices are. We'll discuss contracts. We'll discuss the APR that you might earn while your money is in these prediction markets. We'll also discuss fees. and I'll give my feedback about Kouchi, about prediction markets, and where I think this industry is going as a professional sports better that is now entering into this space. By the end of this video, the goal is to make you understand how to use Kawhei, how to avoid beginner mistakes, and also how to perceive the prediction markets through the lens of a professional sports better. Maybe this will open up your mind to possible edges to be found. Koshi is a federally regulated prediction market where you trade yes or no contracts on real world events. Recently, sports betting contracts have been offered into these prediction markets, meaning they are now federally regulated. So now you can bet on the outcome of a sporting event um by a federally regulated market instead of on the state level. So, if you did not know, every single state in the United States has the ability to log in on Cali and make predictions on sporting events. And instead of betting against a sports book, you're trading against other people, just like a stock exchange. Every contract on a prediction market is priced between 1 and 99. If the event happens, it settles at $1. If it doesn't, it settles at zero. So, if you buy a contract at 60 and the event happens, you'll make 40 cents per contract. If it doesn't, you'll lose your original 60s. The price you see isn't a sportsbook's probability. It's the market's willingness to buy or sell at that moment. That's why the price moves. And the cool part is if you enter a position, you can exit at any time. Kind of like a cash out in sports betting, you can also sell your position during the event. You're not locked in the same way you are with a sports book that is going to take a ton of juice when you try to cash out because Kali acts as an exchange. There is no hit of juice, but there are trading and settlement fees which I'll break down later in this video to help you understand. So, let's hop over to the KHI website and I pulled up the Green Bay Packers at Detroit Lions game. This is the Thanksgiving game for 2025. We're going to talk about the contracts. We're going to talk about the bid and ask prices and along with other things that you might see on the events page here for a sports betting contract. So, as you can see here, we have Green Bay versus Detroit. These are what we would call moneyline bets or the outright winner. This is who is going to win this game. You can bet Green Bay Packers, yes, for 44 cents or Detroit Lions, yes, for 58 cents. Now, you can also bet Packers to lose as in no for 57 cents, which is the same thing as betting the Lions to win. Same with the other side. So, it's kind of confusing where you can bet yes and no for either team. But realistically, if you bet Detroit to not win, you are essentially just betting Green Bay Packers to win. So, something to keep in mind there. That was a little confusing when I first started. I wasn't sure why they actually did it like that. So, let's take a look at uh the contracts here. So, if I go in to buy the Packers at 44 cents, this means they're underdogs because I am paying 44 cents per contract. And we know that every single contract settles at $1 or0 because there is a an actual event going on and there is a final yes or no answer to this contract. It's not like stocks where prices continue to fluctuate up and down. There is a you know, at the end of this event, this will settle as a win or a loss. So for this example here, uh the contracts cost4 if I want the Green Bay Packers. Yes. So obviously if I put out 100 contracts, this is going to cost me about $44 in contracts, but there are actually extra fees baked in here. So this is uh $1.73 of fees on top of that which is quite a significant amount um especially when come from sports betting where the edges are are very small you don't want to pay high fees. So when you are buying into a market that is already established and there's already a price there when you click these yes buttons you are going to pay these high fees. So, at this 100 contracts for 44 of them, the estimated cost is $1.73 because I am what I would call a taker from the market. I am taking a price that is already there. Um, I'm taking a yes on a price that's already there. So, I do not want to do that if I want to avoid these high fees of $1.73. So, instead, what I'll recommend most people doing is making the the same bet on the market. Um, so this is what Kali wants. They want makers. They don't want takers for the most part. So, what you're going to do here is you're going to put a slightly better price than the one listed on the market. So, instead, we would list for 43 um cents here per contract, making this cost go way down to only 43 cents. So, that is a massive savings in fees. especially if you're doing uh sports betting or trading at volume, you are going to want to be a maker in the market more than a taker in the market. So, if you put in this price for 43 cents for the Green Bay Packers, yes, um I'll just throw it in there. I'll review it and submit. Now, this does not get accepted until someone fills the position. So someone this will only get accepted if someone wants to buy the no side of this contract or the Detroit yes uh no Detroit yes side as well. So I will get a notification if someone actually takes my offer up. Uh right now it's best price on the market. So I'm assuming it will be taken. Before we go any further here, I do want to show exactly uh what else is going on in this frame right here when we go to place these contracts. So, there's a couple options I did not talk about. Uh, when is the expiration of this contract, this resting order, uh, it's set to good till cancel. You can change that to, you know, the start of the scheduled event, which is 1:00 on Thanksgiving Day. That's what I would recommend for sports betting contracts. So, what you're doing is you're putting your price at 44 cents on the market. If you put it good to cancel and you're not paying attention, if the Lions return the kickoff for a touchdown, all of a sudden your win probability is going to go way down and your contract will be picked up very quickly on the market and you'll be sitting with a very bad position. So, for sports betting contracts, you only want to set these to the start of the event. You don't really want to set it to good to cancel. Um, if you wanted to, you could do uh a certain time. and maybe you want it to expire a little bit before the event starts, whatever you want. But for sports betting contracts, I would recommend at the start of the scheduled event so you don't get yourself into a bad position there. So, those are kind of what that means there. Um, you can buy in terms of dollars. So, if you don't want to buy in terms of contracts, you can buy $100 worth of uh this this price or you could do, like I said, we were just doing contracts. So, 100 contracts would be the $44 that we're looking at. And then the limit order is what we're looking at where you can set the price uh to whatever you want. So let's look at the order we made. So if we click this resting order here, this is the order that we put in. Uh Green Bay Packers yes to win. Uh our limit price is 43 cents. That's where we want to enter the market for 100 contracts. And you can change this at any time you want. Um you can change the amount of contracts, the limit price, or whatever. So, one important thing here is to look at the order book for this market. And this is where we'll start talking about the bid and ask prices. So, right here is a bid at 43 cents. This is we're part of this bid here. There are 3,743 contracts. I have 100 contracts in this bid at 43 cents. Uh basically this is the people saying that they will take the yes side of the packers at 43 cents. So these are people saying this is what we want to pay. This is the max that we will pay for this yes. And then on the other side we have the ask. So there are people that are looking to sell their position at 44 cents. So this is the gap in between the ask and the bid here where people are looking to sell at 44 and people are looking to buy at 43. So once this market moves a little bit, either the asks will get filled or the bids will start getting filled. And you can see how much money is backing each of these um positions, which is very interesting to see. There's a lot more people asking to sell this position um at the 44 and 45cent contracts are people looking to buy at 43 or 42. So very interesting to know here. Um, and you can just drop down those and see where the bid and ask are for each event. Now, let's take a look at the portfolio tab up here. So, if I click into that, we're going to see a few different options here. We're going to see positions, resting, and history. So, history is simply your settled events. U like I know on Sacramento, it cost me $6. I bought into this market. It went to zero. I lost. The no on Utah bought for $744. it went to a yes for $10. So, I made, you know, a couple dollars in profit there. So, your history is all of your uh settled events. Your resting orders are your open positions. So, we'll see that Green Bay contract that we have here. So, these are all open positions that are currently sitting out on the market, but have yet to been filled. And the positions are your current positions that have not settled, but have been filled. So, it also tells you where you bought and where your chance of winning is now. So, for this example, I bought this way earlier in the year. The Ravens to win uh over 11 and a half games here. I bought it at 51 cents. Of course, Lamar Jackson got injured and they lost a bunch of games, so this went way down. Uh but now it is at 43% chance of winning or I could cash out for 43 cents on my my original 51 investment. I do not want to do that. I think there's still a chance that they come back over. But those are the three different uh tabs that you're going to see on here. Uh we'll also talk about uh these tabs up here as well. So positions are obviously this page with my open positions. I have $143 open positions. Then I have $1,900 in current cash to to do whatever I want with. And then let's talk about the interest here. So, you can earn 3.5% uh APR interest on all of your open uh contracts, which is great. So, if you have, you know, something long-term, like even this this Ravens bet I have, which is a seasonl long bet, u if I think that I'm going to gain value just by having the contract out there and that the Ravens will move towards uh going over this number. Not only am I going to gain value because the market is going to correct itself towards that number, but I'm also gaining 3.5% annual APR, which is great. If you made it this long in the video, please leave a like and subscribe to the channel. It really means a lot if you just take one second out of your day and just hit that like button on this video. I would really appreciate it. If you're not a part of the Sharp Money Discord, it is a sports betting community that is 100% free. We also have some paid tools to help you become a profitful sports better. But we have a community of over 5,000 profitable sports bers and it's continuing to grow. So definitely join the Sharp Money Discord down below. we can have a one-on-one conversation in that Discord and it's full of sharp minds who are making money sports betting.

So, let's talk about some of the issues with prediction markets and Cali in general. I think some of these will solve themselves, but one big issue is that these contracts work on, you know, full cents. So, it's, you know, if we look at the yeses here for the Packers and the Lions, it's yes, 44 cents or yes, 58 cents, which is just betting either team money line. Now, if you add 44 cents and 58 cents up, you're going to get 102. And that's kind of, you know, there's no fee, there's no hold baked into these lines, but, you know, the common better is kind of baking in this gap in prices. And two cents or 2% of of win probability does not seem like that much. But once you compare it to American odds, you realize that American odds gives you the ability to produce a lot tighter markets. Uh you see the exchanges like Novig and Profit X using American odds and sometimes even decimals of American odds or precise American odds where you can do, you know, minus 110.1. And that allows betterers to really price the market extremely efficient. Uh it might not seem like a lot, but betting at 58 cents versus 57 cents is quite a big difference in terms of uh you know American odds which you're used to betting in. So let's just take a look here. If we type in um the the win probability of 58, we would get American odds of we'll call it minus 138. And then if we look at the other side of the bet here, we are getting 44. So we have 44 cents on this one. So plus 127. So we have a market that is minus 138 on one side, plus 127 on the other side. And that's only if you take from the market. So you are getting not the best prices and you're going to have to pay a fee to take from that market. So right now the prediction markets um at least KHI are not up to par with the exchanges or the sports books yet. If we hop over to unabated uh we can look at this event and see the prices of the rest of the books compared to KHI here. So this game we're looking at the Packers Lions. Uh we have the Lions for plus 119 and I mean sorry the Packers for plus19 and the Lions for minus 148. So, Unabated does a good job of converting the the win probabilities over to American odds. So, we can compare to the other books. So, if you look across the board, you can buy the the Packers to win. Yes. Plus 119 on Cali or you could go to bookmaker and get a much better price at plus 129 or or circa at plus 125 or even FanDuel has a better price than Kali plus 124. And then on the flip side, if you want to go grab the Lions right now, uh you're looking at minus 148 you have to pay for the Lions. Meanwhile, you can get a better price on FanDuel again. So both sides of the market on FanDuel has a better price than Koshi um because of this massive gap in you know the bid and ask prices. So realistically Khi is not that efficient yet. Now what we do see is Poly Market next to it which is another prediction market. um but they are not yet US uh regulated but they are about to be very shortly I believe and and poly market has better prices on both sides by almost 10 cents on both sides. So eventually I think Khi will move to more efficient markets like poly poly market has right now. Um I think a big issue is not having precise odds. So, I think eventually they need to move these contracts to percentages of of cents if they really want efficient markets because a 1-cent gap in in markets is a lot more than you think when it comes to American odds. So, uh right now I just think there's a liquidity issue or just an issue on how they uh set their bidden ass prices. So, I think that's something that works good in traditional maybe financial markets but maybe not so much in sports betting. So those are a lot of the negatives around prediction markets right now, but sports betting has just been, you know, adapted into these prediction markets. So it's still brand new and the kinks are being worked out. But I'm very excited for the future of sports betting. What we see right now is this huge surge of liquidity um and companies getting to this space quickly. So the big retail sports books like FanDuel, DraftKings, Fanatics, they are all entering the prediction market building their own products. And what this means is we already have Kali and Poly Market competing for you know the customer's dollar but now we also have the sports books that are going to be competing as well. And what this creates is an awesome opportunity for the consumer or the customer to get some great value. So, what's going to happen is just like sports books compete with giving you the best promos, signup bonuses, we're going to see the same thing in the prediction markets where these companies are going to be cutting their fees down to very minimal amounts making you want to bet on them. Uh, by cutting fees, you're going to see markets get much tighter. You're not going to have that big gap in the bid and ask price. They're going to be very, very tight. Uh, more liquidity will be pumped in as well. So, it's going to be all good for the consumer. There'll be uh rebates on, you know, getting your action, setting certain markets. You'll get rebates on uh the money that you have out in the market. These companies will be competing for the highest uh APY percentage that they can give you. So, it's going to be great for the customer once this uh very competitive space starts going because there's so much liquidity in the prediction markets right now, especially in sports betting uh that everyone wants a slice of that pie. Every big company knows this is the next big thing. So everyone is competing for your dollar and it's going to be great for the consumer going forward. Now what this might mean is that the prediction markets get so efficient and so tight that it's hard to make money but you'll always be getting the best prices. So in the next few years I do think prediction markets will be kind of the source of truth. Um, if you're familiar with sports betting, we typically use sharp books like Circa, Bookmaker, and Pinnacle, who are very good at setting uh sports betting lines and contracts, but I think we're going to see the exchange move to the source of truth because they're going going to have very efficiently priced lines where there's people buying and selling both sides of the line at very similar prices. Now, we see this on the exchanges already like Novig and ProfitX where we are seeing spreads for games close within one penny on both sides of the line. So, this is what I think will happen with prediction markets as well. Um, one really neat thing about Cali, if you're a developer, is they have um free access to their API or public access to their API and all their documents. So, you could build some type of bot that automatically trades for you. Um, in this space, I'm already seeing different companies come up with pre-made bots that you can basically just enter your signin login information for Koshi. it'll log into your account and it'll make certain trades for you. So, the future of betting is going to be a lot of uh automated betting. I think that uh the evolution of being able to you know of AI and being able to like an average person being able to code um someone like myself who has no coding experience um I have been dabbling in uh the Kelshi API documents and I've already built um some very simple bots that can buy and sell at certain prices. Um so you know the future of sports betting is I think it's a lot of automated betting. I think they'll always be manually backed betting, but if you can build something that is quicker than um your eyes seeing a screen and then going to type that information into the market, I think that's uh kind of the future of sports betting and that's why the markets are going to be so efficient. Now, the other issue with prediction markets right now is um you basically only have the money lines and you have a couple different spreads. So there is going to be a large production of player props uh starting to go out there and the liquidity is very low in these markets uh as of lately but that will also expand as well. So I think in the future you're going to see these prediction markets look more like a sports book uh than a um you know like stock trading or prediction market platform especially if FanDuel or DraftKings or Fanatics uh takes over and launches their prediction market very successfully. uh they are obviously going to be geared more towards the the sports better. So you're going to probably see instead of uh implied win probabilities or cents per contract, you might see actual American odds. So it's very interesting. I would love to hear your take on who do you think is going to be the most successful in the prediction market space in terms of the customer. Is it the people that are sharp sports betterers? They're going to figure out how to leverage prediction markets to continue making money. Someone like myself, I am limited on every single sports book. If you did not know this, you will start to get limited down to pennies or dollars on how much you can bet per event if you are a winner. So me and all the other sharp bers are looking at prediction markets because there are no limits. If you can find a way to make money, you can just continue to scale. So is it the sharp bers that are going to make out well with prediction markets or is it the crypto and stock guys that are already familiar with how markets kind of trade? Um, so I'm curious on your opinions there. Who's gonna who is in a better spot to make money? Is it Sharp betterers or is it the crypto and uh stock guys out there? So, leave a comment below. I want to hear your feedback. And don't forget to join the Sharp Money Discord. It's 100% free. If there's one thing that you could do for yourself to make money in the future, it's surround yourself with the right people. And in the Sharp Money Discord, there are tons of great minds out there. And do yourself a favor and start learning about prediction markets now because it is the next big thing. And if you want to make a ton of money, you're going to have to learn how to use it.