The future of profitable sports betting is inside the exchanges like Novig and Profit X. Retail books like FanDuel, DraftKings, and Caesars. They're getting sharper. They're moving their lines quicker. They're limiting players faster. And there's really no ability to scale into the hundreds of thousands of dollars. But if you can figure out how to beat an exchange like Novigger Profit X, you're betting peer versus peer. and your ability to scale into the hundreds of thousand dollars is very realistic. And it's still early on in these exchanges developing and players figuring out how to bet into them. So, the more you can figure out today, it's going to pay dividends in the future. First, let's clarify what an exchange is. Like I mentioned earlier, it is a peer-to-peer betting service. So, it's not you against the house. It's not you against the sports book. It's you against another peer. That means that you need to place a bet on the exchange and another person needs to bet the opposite side of the line on the opposite odds for your bet to be matched. For example, if I bet the Red Sox money line at plus 110, someone needs to bet the Yankees money line at minus 110. What happens is both peers put their money into the exchange. The exchange holds their money until the event ends and then pays out the winner. Very simple. Now, betting peer-to-peer might sound easier than beating a billion-dollar sports book that has all the vig baked into the lines, but let me tell you something. It is not that easy. Right now, the exchanges aren't really mainstream. So, you're not getting any casual beters really betting into these odds. And if they are, they're betting small dollar amounts. The people that are betting into these exchanges right now are big syndicates, you know, just really sharp bers that understand the market. So, if you are go in there thinking this is just going to be a walk in the park, let me tell you something. It's not because you will get taken advantage of if you go in there with the same mindset as a traditional sports book. I'm one of the owners of the Sharp Money Discord, and our recent focus has been on beating the exchanges, providing our members with the tools and knowledge they need to scale their bank rolls up through the exchanges. Now, we feel like our technology and our bots are ahead of the game. They are cutting edge and they're more advanced than any other discord bot or even a lot of regular websites with positive EV services. Uh the reason that they're more advanced is they can use historical odds from the sharpest sports books like circa bookmaker pinnacle display them on a graph so you can see the movement of the market and make a good judgment call based on that. Now you want to bet into high liquidity markets when you're betting into the exchanges because those are the markets you can trust the most. Now, to beat a sharp or syndicate that is posting plays on the exchange, you need to make sure you're really confident in that line. So, being able to know where the market is moving, uh, which book has which odds, it's very important. Along with the historical odds that we offer on our sharp money graphs, we also have pinnacle historical limits, which is probably our biggest asset and the most important thing to consider when you're betting into exchanges is the limits and the history of the limit. So, for an example, we track the limits of Pinnacle and you can see how much money they're willing to accept per bet. So, when you're betting into the exchanges, there are, like I said, sharp bers and syndicates in there, and they can beat books like Pinnacle, Circa, Bookmaker on their own at very low limits. So, if Pinnacle is offering a line with only $1,000 max bet, that's most likely a a line that is not completely shapened up yet, and a syndicate or sharp better can beat that. But when you see limits increase to $10,000 and then Pinnacle drop their odds and then you find value on the exchange, that's where you attack the exchange because the market market is becoming very liquid on Pinnacle and their odds are really sharpening up and it's very very unlikely that a syndicate is beating Pinnacle at $10,000 limits when they're very confident. So that is an absolute gamecher to be able to see pinnacle limits and the odds at the same time especially when you're betting into sharp books like the exchanges. Now you can also attack retail books like that and Sharp Money has over 20 plus retail books that we pick apart their lines all day long and make money with them. But the main focus is on the exchanges because the possibility to scale is endless. Now, attacking the exchanges through a top- down approach is efficient and you will make a decent amount of profit doing it this way, but the ability to completely scale is a little bit slowed down because there's not always that much liquidity to take. There are other members in our Discord that are also grabbing liquidity. So, it's kind of a little battle to get down the money that you want. But, as the exchanges grow, like I said, it's still very early on in the exchange becoming mainstream. there's going to be more liquidity there and a top down approach will become even more val valuable than it is now. So along with the top down approach, this is probably the most profitable approach which is our bottom up strategy. We have two very veteran cappers. Math wins and sigma squirrel are two cappers and they basically build projection models to be able to post their own prices onto the exchange and get them filled. So what happens is every day the two cappers will post their plays at what price it's good to and our members will go ahead and post that on the exchange and get it filled. So we have members that are making a ton of money by following our projections and these numbers and our projections will look good to the market. So let's just think about this for a second. Let's just say we have Jason Tatum over 30 and a half points for tonight's game. And every single book, DraftKing, Caesars, Bookmaker, Pinnacle, everyone has this price at minus 110 on both sides of the line. If we like that minus 110 price, then we can go ahead and post that minus 110 on the exchange for his over at minus 110 and it'll populate Jason Tatum's under at + 110. Why is this important? Well, if the market is sitting at minus 110 split, they're saying it's a 50/50 chance that the over will hit and the under will hit. But our model is saying that the over has a much better chance of hitting. So what happens when we post that minus 110? It's going to populate the plus 110 on the under. And the market is saying that there's a 50/50 chance. So if you are looking at it as a top down better, you're going to see Jason Tatum on the exchange for plus 110. And the win probability is 50%. That sounds like a great edge to you. Well, it's not because a group like ourselves who are originating their own lines are sharper than the market, especially when it comes to props. Because they're low liquidity markets, they're not that difficult to beat. This is the strategy that will give you the chance to scale into the hundreds of thousands of dollars. Now, you might be asking yourself, why don't you just build your own model and do it yourself? Well, there's a reason that people don't build their own models. It's very complex. It takes a ton of updating, a ton of work to build. I've tried doing a few myself, mostly just for fun, and they never turned out to be profitable. So, a lot of times you'll just spend a lot of your energy and your time building these things, and they don't work. We have proven models that have actually worked. Last year during the NBA season, Math Wins placed over 2,000 bets or distributed those bets to our members with a 7.5% ROI on NBA player props. Now, think about that for a second. That is a huge sample size with a crazy ROI. That is a bigger ROI than you're going going to find just top down betting. And the ability to get down the money that you want on the bets is huge now that the exchanges are here. So like I said, Math Wins, he's actually a math teacher. Uh he was a top down better turned into a bottom up better where he's really focused on bottom-up betting. He sees the potential in this market and he's built a great player prop model for WNBA and the NBA. So that's his main focus right now. the other guy that we have on board capping some lines. He's also doing NBA props. He'll do some NFL props come the fall and he is also a very experienced top down better that got into the modeling uh world as well. And he's done a very good job. He's returned over a 5% ROI on NBA player props this year as well. He also runs a small betting group where he sends plays out to his teams and they go get money down for him. He's been in this business for a long time. They are trusted people in the space. Now, that is very difficult to find. You know, you might say, "I'll just join join a different discord with other cappers that are posting picks." The amount of bad cappers you're going to find before you find good ones is insane. There's so many so much misinformation out there. Our guys really understand how markets work and they will teach you exactly how to make money. Now, I want to give a quick shout out to Unabated, which is the website that we use to model out our projections. So essentially, Math wins and Sigma Bet, they build their models on Excel. They come up with averages for their players or teams, whatever they're modeling out, and they upload those projections to Unabated. Now, Unabated takes those average numbers and turns them into median lines and also runs a 10,00 game simulation to determine those median numbers. Now, when you're betting projections, you're betting your own numbers. You want to bet into median numbers, not averages. I that's a story for for another time, but essentially Unabated is a great tool that we use to help our members get down on these exchanges. So, I just wanted to give them a shout out. I'll leave the link for Unabated below. You should definitely check them out if you're going to build your own models. If you're interested in joining the Sharp Money origination team, that link will be below. I will say the price is much higher than our EV box because the potential is so great. We're also priced a little higher than most probably capper services and that's because we need to keep our member count to a reasonable amount. If we have hundreds of members hitting the same lines on the exchanges, it's just going to blow up all the lines on the books and our prices are going to be no good. So, that is why the price is high. It brings a ton of value. If you can get the money down, it is truly worth it. Now, it's not for small-time betters. I understand that. uh but grow your bankroll through top down strategies and then maybe join us on the origination team, but the link will be below. Definitely check it out. Now, let's talk about the top down approach, which is from our Sharp Money bots, and those are only $50 a month, so it's much more accessible or affordable for smaller bers. Now, let's take a look at two plays from the Sharp Money bot. One play I'm taking, the other one I'm actually not. And this is considered a plus EV play that I don't want to be on because I think the market is moving in the wrong direction. And I only know that because of the charts with the limit history and the odds history. Sometimes the best bet is no bet. By losing less you will win more. So that is a good concept to understand. Let's get into a great play. One that I took on the exchange Novig. It is the Reds versus the Brewers. It was over eight and a half runs. This was flagged as value on Novig at plus 106 odds, meaning we could log onto the exchange and we could bet the over 8 and a half at plus 106. Now the edge compared to Pinnacle and Circa in this equation is 1.11%. Now that doesn't sound like much of an edge, but when you're betting into markets that are moving, these edges will shape up to be much larger as long as the market continues to move that way. Now, most of my bets are in this 1 to 2% range, and my overall ROI long-term is over 3 and a.5% because I'm looking at market movement and limits. So, let's get back into this one. Circa has this at minus 105 and Pinnacle also has this at minus 105. Let's take a deeper look at this graph here. The white line on the graph is the Pinnacle limit. So, that's a really important line to pay attention to. We see the limits open at $2,250. Later in the day, they bounce up to about $3,000. The market doesn't react to it that much at all. Pretty much the lines stay the same. Now, we see Pinnacle limits go from 3,000 up to 3500. And we see something drastic happen. We see Pinnacle get priced down from plus 115 all the way down to minus 105 very quickly. That is a 20 cent movement in favor of the over here, which is the side of the bet that we want to hit. So for an example, like I said on NOVIG, we could have got this line at plus 106 and we see sharp action pricing this down all the way to minus 105. So now we have a great play on the exchange. That pink line is pinnacle there. And then underneath we see circle which is that purple line and they move from minus 110 to minus 105. So a small move in the opposite direction, but it looks like both shark books are aligning here and we can really trust this number. So, this is a bet that I'm definitely taking. When you see the limits go up and pinnacle odds drop and then we find value on the exchange, that's when we hammer them. So, let's look at this different play that basically is doing the opposite and is a play that I'm going to lay off of. So, for this second example, we have the Dodgers versus the Mets. We are flagging over nine and a half at plus 114 odds as a 1% edge on Novig, but we're going to lay off this play because we have the extra information of this graph. So, we look at this graph right here. We see that the limits of Pinnacle have moved from about $3,000 up to $3,750. And then we instantly see Pinnacle get priced up. So they were priced at minus 105 and then they jumped to plus 106. So a 10-centent move in the opposite direction. Meaning now Pinnacle is adding more value to this line. If that trend continues and we bet it right now at plus 114, but Pinnacle continues to climb towards the plus 110 towards the plus 115 number, then we're going to lose value. So, this is a play that I want to lay off of because I do believe that I'm not going to beat the closing line if I play it right now on the exchange. So, definitely good to understand what a good play is and a bad play is and how to attack them. I want to hear your guys' feedback. So, please leave it in the comments. Also, where do you think the market is going? Do you think exchanges are the future? We also see prediction markets starting to shape up. So, let me know down below your opinions on where the sports betting market is headed. It's still so early on in the sports betting industry where, you know, no one can be too certain of where it's headed, but I think I have a pretty good idea of what's going on in the future. So, definitely leave a comment below, leave a thumbs up, subscribe to the channel if you like this content. It really keeps me motivated to just see a comment or just see a like. I appreciate a lot. I'm going to post another video up here. This is the secrets to positive EV betting. Definitely check that out. And all the links to the Discord, unabated, all that stuff will be down below. I appreciate you guys watching. Go make some money out there.