Introducing Sharp Money Signal, a proprietary system you won't find anywhere else. Everything behind it is built entirely in-house with all the logic baked right in. Every play includes our signal price and a visual strength rating that scales with the upside of the edge. The system has been tested across tens of thousands of bets and produced over a 5% ROI on over 20 plus sports books in prediction markets. Simple to use and hard to replicate. This is Sharp Money Signal, exclusively available in the alpha package. What's up, guys? My name is Robbie. Some of you might know me as Closing Dime. I'm one of the owners of Sharp Money and kind of leading the project on this signal tool that was newly introduced to the alpha package in Sharp Money. And I'm here to kind of explain what it is, how it works, uh you know, how to maximize your value and go through, you know, how it's profitable. But with that being said, you know, I I pride myself on educating people about the process of sports betting and how to, you know, get closing line value and make some money. But with the Signal Bot, it's really a proprietary system that we built, like I said, entirely inhouse. And it uses a lot of information. It's not necessarily a top- down tool. It's not a bottom-up dual tool. It uses a lot of information where you really could never replicate what we have built because there are so many different parameters that it uses. Um, but I can't get into too much detail on how it works because um, you know, there are other tools and companies out there that would love to replicate exactly what we're doing. So, here is the page with all of our results. Now, this has been tracked for it's only about a month and right now it is just NBA player props, but we're confident uh we're back testing a lot of NHL props and you know MLB season starting in the next couple months. We'll be hitting those as well. But I really wanted to just break down um this dashboard page which tracks every single bet that it posts to the signal tool. So full transparency here. I mean this are the results so far. We have over 20,000 bets placed, 5.4% 4% ROI and you know the win loss statement is up $16,000. So that's on $100 flat bets. If you were betting every play at $100, you'd be up over a,000 units. But full transparency is like this is a bot that's tracking this. You will not come close to this volume. What I can assure you is that your ROI should represent this pretty well, but you're not a bot. you're not able to sit at the computer all day and hit every single bet. A lot of these plays come in and the lines move, you know, within 5 10 seconds. So, maybe only a couple members get on these. So, this is just showing you every single bet. It's not realistic to expect this type of volume. Um, I think on average, this thing spits out about 500 to a,000 bets a day. um someone like myself who, you know, spends maybe an hour or two combined time, you know, I'm able to get 20, 30 bets in on a on a a day, no problem. So, expect that if you're sitting at your computer all day, um I've seen some members already getting over 300 bets in a day using this. So, yes, you can you can get a lot, but don't get carried away with this chart. Uh look at the ROI percentage. That's really what you want to base it off of. So, in this video, I'm going to show you later um me kind of using the tool and live betting it. But right now, I want to show you um you know, kind of some of the information that we have and and what we've been tracking. So, this is every single bet that's been posted, uh which is really important, but we can also kind of break it down very deeply and and this is a big part of adjusting um our fair value prices and and coming up with uh what place to post and what place to lay off of. This is why it will never be replicated because we have so many different parameters. But uh we can break it down per market. So if you wanted to see like how the NBA points market is doing, we're running at a 2.8% ROI. Um if we look at maybe the unders, they're doing 4% ROI. Um so you could you can bounce back and forth on all types of different markets and and things like that. So you can all also break down stuff uh based on lead time. So, if we're betting things 30 minutes before the game starts, you know, we're looking at a 2.5% ROI. Uh, the thing here, and and I we'll get into a little bit more, is being able to beat player props an hour before game time, uh, running at a 4% ROI is very important. You know, the lines are are pretty shaped up, and this is where you can actually get real money down. So, running at a 4% ROI within one hour of game time with over 3,000 tracked bets is really impressive. Now, if we look at, you know, plays that are out of the 12-h hour range, I mean, we can we can obviously get some some major ROI when we're betting 12 hours out, but then again, how much money are we really going to be able to get down uh when the sports books aren't going to take too much action 12 hours out? So, that's one of the other things that we can break down um which is obviously here as well. So, this is our signal strength um our signal strength analysis. So, strong, weak, and medium signal strength is shown there. This is our lead time analysis. So, like I said, um this is 30 minutes to an hour before game time, we're running at a 2.5%. 30 minutes to an hour, we're running at a 6%. Uh 4% when it comes to 1 to four hours and only like 1% ROI, 4 to 8 hours, which is kind of strange, weird spot to be like almost break even. But then you go anything over that, we're talking huge ROIs like 12% and 11%. But for me, the sweet spot of betting signal, uh, someone who has very limited accounts is this four 4hour range before game time where we're still returning, you know, 3 to 5% ROIs. Um, and you're able to get down some actual bet sizes. So, another breakdown here kind of shows you the volume of plays. Um, you can see that this is lead time. So like the majority of the plays do kind of fall into this 1 to four hour bracket where you're, you know, almost over 7,000 of these bets fall into that 1 to four hour bracket, which makes sense. It's when injuries come out. This is when, um, you know, news gets released. So it's pretty good time to be betting. Um, here is our ROI based on our EV percent that we flag. Um, you can see that our, you know, when we're flagging plays at 1% expected value, 2% expected value, 3% expected value, we're actually returning, you know, 4% on those plays. We're returning 6% on these lower EV plays. Uh, we're returning 5% on the 1% EV plays. So, like I said, the EV, I'll get into this later, but our EV percentage that we flag these plays at is really just like a baseline. um you know there's opportunity for these plays to be much higher and it's clear indicator that our EV percentages are are very conservative. So anything you see on the signal page you go ahead and bet it because um there's value on that play. We'll talk about it more too but like it's hard to put a value on something if you you know if you're a handicapper you know what plays have value but you can't always pinpoint exactly how much value is there. So, our signal fair values are extremely conservative um allowing you to place 1% EV bets up to, you know, 10%. So, we still see overall that the higher EV percent plays are returning higher ROIs, but don't be afraid to play those low EV plays is what I'll tell you. And then this chart down here is probably one of the most important ones. Um, this is the breakdown per sports book. So, a lot of you are probably going to be interested in seeing what FanDuel does. So, FanDuel has a 5% ROI, 5.3%, which is exactly what we're running all time for every book, which is cool. Um, really good volume here. So, FanDuel is a great book to beat. Let's see some other ones. Some of you might be big DraftKings guys. Um, they limit pretty quick, but if you have fresh accounts, you can definitely hammer them. I think this is an order of Yeah, this is an order of how much volume is down. So when in terms of volume, DraftKings, MGM, Fanatics, Onyx Odds, ESPN Bet are, you know, our top five and all those books are returning pretty much 5%ish. Uh really good stuff there. Props Builder is another one. If you have limited accounts, this is used on a lot of offshore books, so returning a 4% ROI there. Uh even Bet 105, it's lower volume. Um but we're beating Bet 105 at a 7% rate, which is absurd. Probably one of our highest uh win rates here. Never mind. Bet Rivers and Ballet Bet. You know, that's kind of obvious. Those books are are absolutely terrible. But beating those at 10% rate with over a thousand bets. So, only books that we're down on um is Poly Market and Bet Chris. And that we don't even have a sample size of 50 bets here. So, really nothing to be worried about. Every other book we're we're kind of crushing. Koshi up 17%, but again, very low volume. Uh but a good idea of of what you can expect here. So, that's kind of all the stats behind it. I'm sure you guys are interested in how it actually works. So, let's go do some live betting. So, we're going to do a little bit of live betting on Sharp Money Signal right now. And this is basically see a bet, take the bet. There there's no logic here. Um the EV plays are all very conservative. This isn't a typical top- down strategy. So, even the 1% EV plays have been performing pretty well. It's really hard to determine exactly what the fair value should be. So, all of our fair values are very conservative. So, anything you see with value on this board, go hit it. Um, you know, it's kind of a blend of top down and bottom up. And if you know, if you're an originator, you know where value is, but you can't always put an exact number on how much value you have. So, these are plays that, you know, I don't think about anything that's on this page. I I bet it all. No matter what the fair value is, no matter what our signal strength is, as long as it is equal or under our fair value price, we go and bet it. So, um let's just try to fire off. What I what I first do as a very limited better is I click through and I can filter out all the books I don't have um easily, but I'm just trying to show you how many bets are on the board. And this is one of my favorite things about um the Sharp Money signal tool is you can get value across the board. I mean, we got Luca Donic under 32 and a half points. We can go smash this on ESPN. Bet Rivers, Onyx Odds, Props Builder, which is available on tons of offshore books. FanDuel Caesar. So, you can smash this line on so many books. So, I'm just going to go into FanDuel real quick. Hit this Luca Donic under 32 and a half points. Uh minus 125. So, it moved off our minus one. No, that's what we did have it at. So, our signal price is minus 128. So, we're good to bet it here. And we'll go. Let's see if we can get 250. And we can, which is nice. So, there's your FanDuel limits. I mean, I have a 10% account. We're betting a a, you know, a big name. So, that's probably one of the reasons it lets us guess down so much there. But, if that wasn't enough money, I can go click ESPN bet. I can sign in here. I can get more money down. Now, um, Luca Don, it's under 32 and a half minus 120. So, I could log in, hit this for, you know, most of the time I'm only hitting some of these softer books. It's a $10 max bet. Uh, maybe on this bigger name and a points market, I could get more. So, let's just see what it lets me place. $18. So you can just sit here and pick away at these books all day long because there's so much value on all of them. Um so you can hide the bet once you bet it. So Luca Donuch gone a lot of hard rock bets I don't have. Uh Luca again under points and assists. So Michael Porter under 25 a.5 points. Signal price is minus129. That's good. So I can hit that here. $18.75.

place that bet and and you can just really crank volume doing this. You can see more plays coming in quickly here. So you pretty much what you want to do is just keep an eye on this page. And you know I typically bounce back and forth between the plus EV tool and the signal tool. And you know you know I'll filter out all the books I don't use. So like I don't want to see hard rock or the ones that you just have severe limits on you don't want to see. So, let me get rid of all those books. And then now I know if there's any plays on here that they're going to be really good and something that I want to bet. So, that makes it a little bit cleaner. And then once you bet something, you can just hit hide. Like I already hit the Luca under points, so I probably want to hide the points and assists as well. And then I'm just going to be bouncing back and forth uh between this page and the EV page and placing bets as many as I can get down. Um, but the signal tool has produced some serious value. If you're interested in getting the alpha package, which includes Sharp Money Signal along with our other plus EV tools and EV page, then you can check out our website. I'll leave that in the description down below. Uh, you can go and kind of look at all the features that our products have and then you can go and pay for it. Now, our app runs exclusively through [ __ ] So, you'll have to go to [ __ ] pay for it there, and then you'll get access inside of [ __ ] to access our app. Now, you also get access to uh handicapped plays by some of our cappers along with some plus EV bots inside of Discord. So, make sure you link your Discord after buying it as well. Um, if you want to learn more about the Plus EV tool that's inside of the Sharp Money uh alpha package, here's a video all about the Sharp Money Plus EV tool, which is just as important as the signal tool.