Welcome in everyone. My name is Robbie. I'm one of the owners of Sharp Money. And today we're going to use the Sharp Money Plus EV tool. To find some plays, we're going to talk about what a good bet looks like, what a bad bet looks like. This is going to be good for beginner bers and advanced bers. I really want to drive home the concept here that the Sharp Money Plus EV tool is one of the best tools in the market for really getting a grasp of where the line is going. And this is going to allow you to stay off of bad bets and to get on some really good bets that will close with with great CLV and some value. So the main point I kind of want to drive home here is that, you know, expected value percentages are really just indicators that the play currently has value, but that's not really what you want to base your bet off. The market is not a stable market. market moves up and down all day long and and it grabs direction and it usually heads in one direction. So, what I always say is just use positive EV percentages as an indicator that this play might be good. Now, we'll go into some examples, but the whole point of our service is to say if you see a 5% EV play, that might be a play that you do not want to bet because the market is moving the wrong direction. and Sharp Money has the tools to, you know, give you that information to make a really good judgment on where the market is going. So, it's quite often that I will lay off of 5% EV bets and then absolutely smash 1% EV bets when I believe the market is moving in the right direction and I'll bet it currently at 1% EV and it'll close, you know, 3, four, 5%. So, really the point I want to drive home here is that EV percentages are just what we flag a play as, but understanding where that play is going is really the most important. and that really opens up so many opportunities to get good bets in. So today we're going to go over some examples. We're going to use the sharp money tool. Find some good plays, find some bad plays. So here's the first play we're going to talk about. This is the Memphis Grizzlies at the New Orleans Pelicans under 233 and a half points minus 120. Now this is a.5% EV play. So this is the the lowest that we'll actually flag a plus EV play. But this is an example of a great bet like a textbook sharp money bet where we're betting this at 0.5% but the market is steaming in one direction. So we will likely close with way more value than 0.5%. If you're blindly betting plus EV plays this is something you might lay off of without knowing where the market is going. So let's do a little dive into the two graphs that you are going to see when you're using the sharp money tool. So on the left side of the screen here we can see the odds graph and the pinnacle limit and this is showing you the books that have the odds for this under 233 and a half. Now we typically use pinnacle circuit and bookmaker as our sharp books and kind of our source of truth. In this example it looks like only bookmaker and pinnacle have odds out. So the 0.5% value is to the current line of bookmaker and pinnacle. Pinnacle is the pink line. Bookmaker is the yellow line and the white line represents the pinnacle limits. So there's a direct correlation with pinnacle limits and pinnacle odds. And we're going to do a deep dive into that right now. So let's first talk about why we want to see odds dropping like we see that pink line dropping at the bottom um of this chart. So, we see that Pinnacle had their odds set to was right around that like plus 100 odds and then it absolutely tanked um down to about it looks like minus 130. So, it went from plus 100 odds for this bet to minus 130. That's a 30cent drop in odds. And the reason that you want to look for dropping odds is because that is the sportsbook pinnacle telling you that they are going to pay you out less for this line now. Which means there's some news came in or some sharp money came in on the line where they had to adjust their their payouts. So basically they're telling you, hey, we were taking plus 100 odds earlier. Now we're only going to take minus 130 because we are getting heavy action on this side of the bet. Could be someone was injured, could be some news that broke, or like I said, could just be sharp action that is causing this line to drop. The other thing that is great is the pinnacle limits really represent how confident Pinnacle is in their line. So, you can see when this line initially dropped, the pinnacle limits were at $3,000 and then they bumped up to $5,000. And the second they hit $5,000, those odds sunk really fast. And the reason that you see this happen is a lot of professional handicappers, they won't place their bets on small limits. So like they're not trying to get $3,000 down. They want to get $5,000 down. So they the second they see that limit increase on Pinnacle to 5K, that's when they go place their wagers, that's when Pinnacle starts seeing professional action and that's when Pinnacle starts moving their line. So seeing odds dropping without a limit increase is typically a very good play also. But when you get a limit increase along with the odds dropping, it's just a slam dunk play. And you can see here bookmaker has been pretty much stable or slightly trending down. Um but the fact that Pinnacle is dropping here is just makes it such a good play. Now if this chart wasn't enough to say, hey, I need to be on this play. What we can also see is the mainline trend of the sharp books pinnacle circa and bookmaker. So in this example, circa doesn't have this under 233 and a half as one of their lines because it's likely an alternate line and circa typically will only offer like one line. So what we do is we can look at the mainline market trend. The mainline trend is basically what numbers do the books have it at? These are typically their minus 110 lines or you know their main markets their main lines. So if you see the main lines dropping as well going towards the under here then that means we're on the right side. We can see bookmaker had this their main line set at 236 and a half and that yellow line dropped all the way down to 232. So that is a massive move towards the under. You know going from 236 down to 232 is a four-point swing towards the under. That means they are moving the line towards the under. It's becoming more favorable. Um, so you can see circa moved that direction. Pinnacle moved that direction and bookmaker moved that direction as well. So this makes it such such a good play. Um, and I have an example here on Picket 2 because I actually placed this bet and it closed with um a lot of value to Pinnacle. It closed 5.98% to Pinnacle. So we got it at minus 120. Um the pinnacle closing odds were minus 137. So this is just an example of yes, we flagged this at 0.5% EV, but this play finished much better. And not not only did it finish better, but when you are a limited bet, someone like myself that can't get that much money down, you really have to find these smaller EV plays that no one else is betting uh to be able to hit them hard and without the lines moving so quick. big 5% EV plays with good line movement get hit in a second and they're gone. These plays, you can see them for a little while and you can actually get your money down. And the other thing too you want to think about is when you're betting into main lines like spreads, totals, and money lines, those are very efficient markets. You're not going to see massive EV plays at one time. The market moves slowly in one direction. And if you can get in at the right time at a small EV, it that EV percentage will grow and you'll have great closing line. And you know, most of these efficient markets are the markets that you can bet big dollar amounts into. So someone like myself, I can only bet fullame spreads and totals for if I want to get a decent amount of money down. So these this is kind of the bread and butter of sharp money. These are the plays that I personally look for and absolutely hammer as much as I can. This next play is also a no-brainer and really a perfect example of what you're looking for. So, this movement does not correlate with a limit increase, but that's just because news can break at any time. If you see a limo limit increase go up and then action come down, that typically means that sharp bers were waiting uh to get their bet in. But when you see odds move this drastically without a limit increase, then it typically means someone was ruled in or out or some injury got released. What you'll also see a lot of the times is sports books lower their limits once they see this kind of action. Uh because they're getting so much action on one side of the line, they have to lower their limits and readjust their lines. But uh none of the books have done that in this example. But here's a perfect example where we're looking at the Miami Heat money line. This is a play that where they opened up in the minus 140 range and they all all the sharp books Pinnacle Circle and bookmaker as you can see here are now close to minus 230. So we have like a 100% drop clearly someone on the bulls got ruled out and the heat are becoming massive favorites. Um so this was a bet that I was able to get on NOVIG and this is just a clear example of the market moving in one direction and being able to grab uh these good plays. So obviously payouts are dropping drastically for the heat money line. So you want to get, you know, I think I got this at minus 199 odds when all these sharp books just dropped past that to like minus 225. So clear good bet here. Like I said, I almost don't even care about Eevee percentages. I'm just looking for these types of plays. Um so this one I hit on Novig. Um took all the liquidity that was left there and u got a great price and they ended up winning this game as well. And it the Sharp Money tool is so fast. Uh you're really able to beat people to the exchanges before anyone else sees these lines. Um so you can get on these small EV plays that no one's even really looking at and see the market and get to your bets with one-click links very quickly. So clear example of a great play here. Not much else to talk about. This is just a slam dunk play. So let's get into a play that's a little bit more questionable u before we get into plays that I would hold off on. Now, here's a play that doesn't have great line movement, but the one thing we can take away from this graph and these odds is that it's it's a stable market. We can see that Pinnacle, circa, and bookmaker are all factored into this line. If you look from left to right, I mean, the overall trend of this line is downwards, which does indicate that the odds are becoming less, which which is a good indicator. But overall, we see kind of this up and downwards movement from all the books odds, which tells us that we're looking at a pretty stable market right now. And these are one of the plays where I really want to look at the EV percentages because I don't have any indication that this market is going to go up or down from the current position it's in. So now this is a play where I will actually look at the EV percent and make a judgment call based on the EV percent because I think that this current EV percent does represent the best chance of value uh that the line will close at. So for an example here, this this plays on Poly Market. This is the Nuggets money line on Poly Market for plus 163 at a 3% edge. Now 3% edge is great. Uh I typically run around 3% ROI on my my personal bets. So, this is something that I want to get on. I don't think this is going to close higher than 3%. I don't really think it's going to close lower than 3%. This market looks stable. Um, if you want to play 3% EV plays, this is perfect for you. If this was a 0.5% EV play with no market direction, maybe it's something I lay off of. But because we have a higher EV percentage, um, and the market is stable, this is a play that I do like a lot that I'm going to play myself. And I, you know, think that we're going to close with some good value here. You can also see that this is available on Hard Rock as well at plus 160. So, it's a slightly worse EV percentage. You're getting 1.8% EV on Hard Rock. Uh, but you have two two options here if you didn't have Poly Market, which everyone in the United States will have Poly Market soon. But yeah, this is this is a great play. Um, stable market. So, look at the EV percentages when you see stable markets. we see u pinnacle limit increases uh without too much movement. You know, we see the the first move going from uh you know like 1.5K up to 3K and a little downward action there and then the next movement we see a little upward action but it's nothing that's really telling. Uh what you really want to see when it comes to line movement is like 10 cent swings is typically what I look for. you see typical fluctuations of, you know, five, six cents up and down throughout the day of books kind of just adjusting their odds back and forth, trying to level out some action maybe. Um, but you don't really need to, the market isn't really moving heavily in one direction until I see like above 10%. So, that's something to think about as well. Before we break down this play, please do me a favor. If you're still listening this late in the video, you're obviously very interested about learning about being a profitable sports better. So, I really appreciate you guys tuning in and staying this long in the video. If you could leave a like on this video and subscribe to the channel, that would be greatly appreciated. One of my goals this year is to grow this channel as much as possible. So, that being said, let's take a look at this chart. Now, this is a play that I'm going to avoid. Um, this is a play on Novig. And if you are betting into the exchanges like Novig and ProfitX, these exchanges are loaded with sharp bers. It's peer-to-peer betting. So you're not betting against a book uh that has stale lines. You are betting against someone who posted a number out there. So a lot of the times these plays are going to be plays you want to lay off of. So here's an example of a play that is positive EV in the moment, but I believe this is going to close with a negative EV if we bet it now. So this play is the Bulls versus the Bucks over 223 12 minus 110 or plus 100 whatever you want to call it on Novig. Now the reason I don't like this play is we can see that the Pinnacle odds are increasing. If you look at this chart here uh Pinnacle was at about minus 130 and they've already moved up to like minus 110. So in this example you know Pinnacle was giving minus130 payouts. Now they're giving minus 110 which is basically saying hey if you bet the over in this game we will pay you out more now than we would have later. So you see these limit increases happening and the market continuously moves up as well. So limit increases going up and odds going up mean avoid that play at all cost. Even if this was a 3, four, 5% EV play, this is a play that I'm not touching. But especially that this is under a 1% EV play, you don't even think about this. So, if this wasn't enough to get you off the play and we only have the pinnacle odds as reference here, so I understand if that's not enough information for you, what you can do is you can scroll down and see the main uh trend line. So, you can see what circuit Bookmaker and Pinnacle have their main line set at and you can see that these numbers are dropping. But this is something you have to be careful with in the main market trend. You're not looking for dropping lines. You're looking for lines going towards your bet. So in this example, we bet the over. We would want to see the market moving towards the over, but the the main market is moving towards the under. So this is another example of a bet we want to lay off. We can see that bookmaker opened up at 227 and a half and they're currently sitting at 223 and a half. So clear indication that the under is getting hit. So another indicator to lay off this line. So that's the one thing you have to be careful of is the odds movement graphs. The first graph you see, you're always looking for odds dropping. But when it comes to the second graph, the mainline trend, you have to know what side of the bet you're on and take a look at, you know, where the market is moving. Like I said, this example, we want value on the over, but the lines are moving towards the under. So this is definitely a play that we skip. Now, knowing what plays to skip are just as important as as knowing which plays to take. So, this is really important that you understand which bets to place. Now, it's tough when you're, you know, even if you're a new bet, you're excited to place all these plus EV bets. Um, you know, be patient. You're going to experience a lot less volatility and a lot better profits and ROIs if you can lay off the bad bets and hammer the good bets. So, here's a bet that I would definitely lay off of. If you're not a part of the Sharp Money Discord already, it's completely free Discord. So, you can join using the link below. If you're interested in using the Sharp Money Plus EV tool, that tool can be found on the Pro or Alpha package if you want the graphs and advanced filter settings. Pro and alpha have both of those. So, definitely check out that package. It's also available in the link down below. Everything is ran through [ __ ] So, if you purchase the package, it's going to bring you over to [ __ ] and that's where our app lives. That's where you can access all of this. So, if you're interested in upgrading to Alpha, which has our signal tool, which is a proprietary tool that has all the logic built in uh for player props right now, definitely check that out. I have a video all about the signal tool right here. So, give it a watch and let me know what you guys think.