Do you think that positive EV betting is all about crunching numbers and doing math problems and then comparing those numbers to the market? Well, you're actually wrong. There is a lot of skill involved in positive EV betting as well as understanding some simple math concepts. There's a reason that some people make money sports betting and some people struggle with positive EV betting. So, today we're going to talk about the most advanced strategies that I use that will help you make more money sports betting. What separates the pros and the amateurs is the ability to read the market instead of just blindly placing positive EV plates and going off the Kelly criterion formula. Now, I find myself placing larger wagers on lower EV plays than some high EV plays. And that's completely against the Kelly criterion formula. But the reason I'm able to do this confidently is that I can read a market pretty well and I know exactly how much to bet and where that line is going based on, you know, the market movement. By being able to read markets, you can play much smaller edges more confidently. So, for an example, the reason why I first started looking at the market this way was because I would look at these lines that opened up at minus 110 and they closed at minus 200 and I saw this 90 movement over the course of a whole day and yet there was never a positive EV play that presented itself. But then looking back at the chart, I was like, if I could have just got in at that minus 150 number and the line closed at minus 200, I would have had a great play. So, how do we get in on these markets? And why aren't there positive EV plays available over the course of the whole day if the market moved that much in one direction? The reason is that a lot of these markets are becoming very efficient now that sports betting is legal across most of the United States. There are a lot more people betting into these numbers and shaping up these markets. Retail books realize they can't hang 5% EV plays on a spread or a money line because it is a large liquidity market and they're still willing to accept larger wagers. So, you'll never see a 5% EV play, you know, currently against Pinnacle uh on a spreader money line because it's just the books are not that dumb anymore to leave that kind of value on the table. So the value is starting to shrink closer to the 1 2% EV range is like the max you're going to find on a main market spreader total. So I've been looking at how can I get in here maybe at a sub 1% EV play at the time and follow this market. So the main things you want to look at here is obviously the direction of the market and then the limits. So, we're going to go into great detail about odds movement and limits on sharp books like Pinnacle, but I also want to bring up that we need to understand what a bookmaker is thinking when they are moving their limits and moving their odds and what a professional better or someone originating their line is also looking for when they're betting into these markets. Now, being able to see perspective from the bookmaker and the actual person making these bets and moving the market is how we are finding our edge. Now, our goal is to see books like Pinnacle move their lines to minus130 off that minus 110 number and then go to a book like FanDuel or DraftKings or Caesars or book that we can get down on and grab it at minus 110 before it moves. Now, if we can do that, then we are going to get some closing line value and getting closing line value on main markets is pretty much a guaranteed way to lock in profits long term. So, that's the end goal. A market that is moving hard one direction typically continues to move that way. It is very rare for you to get in on a bet with some serious steam and that you just grab the absolute worst price and then it goes back up. Yes, it does happen, but a lot of the time if you can get in on the early steam, you can just ride that wave to some great CLV. And that's why I'm playing edges that are sub 1% to get in on these Steam plays. Now, like I said earlier in the video, sometimes I will place more money on these low EV plays than a high EV play. So, if I see the market steaming in one direction and I see a play that is 0.25% EV, pretty much a non-EV play, I might go a full unit on that bet. And sometimes I will see a 3% EV play, a 5% EV play, but the market is moving in the wrong direction. Meaning, let's just say Circa had a plus 110 line and now they're offering plus 130 on that line. I don't want to place that bet at plus 130 when the market is moving that direction. Why do I want to place a bet at plus 130 even if it's 5% EV at the time if that market continues up to plus 140 then I just placed it at plus 130 and you know I could have got a plus 140 number. So understanding why markets are moving and when to bet into them is key. I think a lot of people lose money because they're placing EV bets that aren't actually EV because the market is moving against them. And I'm also, you know, I played down to 0.25%. I've played negative EV plays at the time that close very well. So, it is a just an understanding of the market that can really help you make money. The other important thing we want to understand is the limits that the sports book is setting them and why they set them. So, typically a sports book will open up a line early in the day or early in the week at a very low limit. Just meaning that, let's just say they open up a money line for an MLB game at $1,000. That is a low limit. They will only accept a $1,000 wager on either side of the line. But as the day develops and as they get more information from betterers, as lineups come out, as weather reports come out, they can slowly start increasing the limits that they're going to accept on a wager because they are getting more confident in the number. So, let's just say the limit opened up at 1,000. By midday, let's call it noon, it might be at 3 or 4,000. And a typical MLB money line on Pinnacle might close at $20,000 limit. So right before the game starts, Pinnacle will accept a $20,000 wager, which means they are very confident in that final number that they are offering. So in between that limit increase, there's also value to be found. And obviously the odds of Pinnacle are moving up and down within that limit increase. So what does a limit increase mean? Like I said, it is just the book becoming more confident in their line and raising that limit up. Obviously, a book is not confident at all in their line if they're only accepting $1,000, and they are very confident if they're accepting $20,000. But limits paint like a really important picture when it comes to viewing it as a bookmaker and viewing it as a professional better because what we often see is when limits go up from, let's just say, $5,000 to $10,000, you often see the odds move one direction very quickly. when the limits move that much because there are professional bettors that want to get down as much money as possible and they are waiting for that $10,000 limit for that $20,000 limit before they go place their bet. So, it's a big indicator when you see a limit increase from $5,000 to $10,000 and then the price drops. So, if the limit goes up by $5,000 and the price moves from minus110 down to minus120, that basically just told me that there's a group of professional betterers or one big better that was hitting that line at that higher limit, 10K limit and Pinnacle or whatever book it is saw that action and had to bring their odds down from minus 110 to minus 120 because they were getting hit so hard. And those are the lines we want to get in on when limits go up and odds drop. We want to get in on those really low EV plays because like I said, if the book had minus 110, it moved to minus1 120. If we can find a positive EV play that is based on that minus 120 number, then the fair value of that line might actually be around minus 110. So, it's not going to look like a true EV play on paper. But if you look at it through the perspective of a professional sports better, they just hit that minus110 number for a $10,000 wager, meaning they had some type of model that said there was value at minus 110. That wasn't the fair value. There's value there. Their fair value could have been minus1 130. You don't know how much value was there, but you know, sharp bers were hitting it at minus 110 to move that line. So, if I can find it at a number that the Pinnacle Sportsbook just moved off of, then I'm taking that number every day. That was a lot of information, but hopefully you could understand that. I think there's some really good concepts and some thought processes that you can start working through to start looking at the market differently. So, that covered uh limits increasing. So, I do want to quickly talk about limits decreasing, which you very rarely see, but I'll tell you exactly why that's happening. U it's mostly because of injuries or weather concerns or or a quick lineup change where the book basically needs to lower their limit saying we're no longer confident in this line. I don't want to accept $10,000 on a wager. I'm only going to accept $2,000 right now because we need to figure out what is going on with this event, who's playing, what the weather is going to be like before we can take large wages. So, when I see limits go down, it's typically something that I just stay off of because it's going to be a really volatile market of people trying to predict whether this questionable player that just got ruled to doubtful is actually playing or not or if they're on the court for shootarounds. Like, there's just a lot of things that are question marks when it comes to limits decreasing. So, I typically just stay away from a limit decrease play, but that's just my uh my train of thought there. So hopefully you understand the concepts now, but how do we actually apply it to real life and make some money? Well, luckily Sharp Money has specialized in finding low EV plays that correlate with Pinnacle Bookmaker and CIRCA odds movement along with Pinnacle limit movement. So, this is going to be probably the only place that has limits, that has Sharpbook odds, retail book odds, and a one-click link right to your bet so that you can get these bets in really fast. So, let's hop over to the Sharp Money Discord. So on the left here we have kind of your typical Discord plus EV looking chart where it shows you the EV percentage, the fair value, the Kelly criterion formula, uh what bet to place, obviously which odds, and there's also direct links to the bet here. But on underneath that, you're going to see the graphs that have the pinnacle limits and pinnacle odds. And I blew that picture up over here on the right side to really help you guys visual what we're looking at here. So this is a play that if I saw on a typical positive EV service, it's the first half run line. We got the Colorado Rockies getting a half a run at plus 140 odds on FanDuel here and it's a 1.25% EV play. So most of the people might just brush this off as, hey, this isn't a play I want to be on. It's only 1.25% EV play. I'm just going to pass on this one and go look for another one. So if we blow this chart up a little more, it's going to paint a much better picture. Now in the sharp money discord, we take a combination of bookmaker circa and pinnacle odds to determine the fair value price. So this chart right here is just of pinnacles limits and prices. But in the DVIG process to determine the fair value which determines the expected value of this bet. We also used uh bookmaker and this is which is currently priced at 135. Right? So we can get this on Fandul at plus 140. Bookmaker is currently at 135 and Pinnacle is at 123. So let's look at why Pinnacle is so much lower than the rest of the market. Here we see the right side of this graph is the limits that Pinnacle is accepting, which is the purple line. Our first dot starts at 6:30 a.m. and they're accepting about $1,700 wages. Now, come about 8:30 a.m., two hours later, they bump this line up from $1,700 waiters up to $2,500. So, a significant increase in what they're willing to accept. And instantly, we see Pinnacle shoot down from plus 131 all the way down to plus 129 to plus 128, plus 127, plus 126, all the way down to plus 123. And it settles there momentarily. So, we can get a great price at plus 140 on FanDuel right now. Like I said, if you want to view this as through the eyes of a professional better, then they're most likely placing this bet at that minus 131 number. They also placed it at minus or plus 128. So, if we can get this play at plus 140, the fair value is probably much higher than we actually think. The fair value that we came up with was 137 which only gives us a 1.25% edge. But because we have this line movement, this is where we can feel more comfortable betting a little bit larger. So a lot of the times we are playing uh with small edges when we're betting like this. So the Kelly criterion formula is only going to want you to bet a little bit at a time. So for an example here, the half Kelly is 044 units. But a play that's steaming like this, I would round up to a full unit. So there's a little bit of skill involved. It's not just betting based on the numbers, which is what you probably started EV betting as, but once you start understanding more concepts and especially when you start getting limited hard on books, I pretty much only place money line spreads and totals now because my limits are so low and I'm able to get down a lot of money still because I'm able to hit these low EV plays that a lot of people aren't hitting right now. So, it's definitely an advantage to be able to read markets and, you know, make bets uh based on, you know, your own confidence level, not always just what the Kelly Carterian formula says. So, let's look at a couple more here. Here is an absolutely perfect play. This is exactly what I'm looking for. This is a textbook slam dunk play. We are seeing the limits increase and the odds drop. So, quick look over at the text box here. Just to look at this bet real quick. It's the Pirates versus the Reds, and it is the total under 6 and a half runs, which is an alt line. We can get this on MGM at plus 185 odds. The EV is very, very low. It's a 1.04% EV. Another play you would probably just pass on if you didn't have these movement charts. Uh, the fair value is 182. Kelly criterion formula for a half Kelly is telling you to bet, you know, a quarter of a unit. Really not much there. So, let's look at the big chart here. And this is what really gives us a ton of confidence here. We see that the purple line, the pinnacle limits increased from recently increased from 7.5K up to 10K. And during that increase, we see sharp bers hammer this line down from 184 down to 175. So a 9 cent movement there in favor of the under that we are betting. So we can get this at plus 185 on MGM. So if you're looking at this chart, we just saw sharp bers hit this at, you know, 7 and a halfk limits, maybe up to 10k at that 184 mark and drop it down. So professional betterers want to hit this at 184, which is the worst number that I can get. Then I'm going to grab that 185 all day long. So, a great example here. Really, when you see that X pattern of limits up and price down, that's pretty much exactly what we're looking for

here. So, here's a chart right here, which I am avoiding at all cost. This is a positive EV play that I think will end up being a negative EV play come game time. Now, a lot of being a profitable sports better is knowing what to take and what not to take. And sometimes the best play is no play. And that's what I would be doing with this one. So, let's talk through kind of my logic here. This is the Dodgers versus the Diamondbacks. This is on Bali Book, which is a Cami book. And we have a first half total run. It's under five and a half at minus 103 on the Cami books. Now, this is a 1.74% EV play, which is better than the other two plays that I just talked about, but again, this is a play that I'm not going to take. Fair value we have listed at minus 106. Pinnacle is currently at minus 114. So if you take this just at face value and you told me Pinnacle's at minus 1114, I can get a bet at minus 103 on Bali bet, then I would grab that play without thinking about it. But the second I see the chart, I realize this is not a good play. I do not want to touch this at all. So we look at the chart here. Limits are actually kind of low. $2,500 isn't that high of a limit. So we can't even really trust the Sharp books with their odds at 25K $2,500 limits anyway. But if we look here, we see limits go up from $1,600 up to $2,500. And during that limit increase, we see the odds actually go up, meaning Pinnacle is going to offer you a better payout if you bet this side of the line. If you bet the under, we're going to give you a better payout. So they were accepting or they were there were odds were set at minus 122 and now Pinnacle is at minus 114. So if this market continues moving this direction then we can get a better price. And if we grab this at minus 103 right now and the market continues to move towards that minus13 - 103 number then we are going to get destroyed at the closing line and this is going to be a terrible bet. So I would avoid this bet at all costs. It's not worth playing. Sometimes I could question playing movement like this if the EV was 5% or somewhere where I had a little bit of wiggle room to be wrong about the market direction. But pretty clear example of plays you want to avoid. If you see odds going up with the limits going up, then stay off this bet because that means the other side of the bet is actually the one that is getting sharp action. You can find plays like this 100% free on the Sharp Money Discord. We have a free DraftKings bot which is going to give you positive EV alerts every time a good play shows up for DraftKings. Now, we also have a premium plan which includes 20 other retail books if you want to take your betting to the next level and be able to hit a ton of books and find a ton of value. But 100% you should join the free Discord. It's filled with sharp professional bers and you have that free DraftKings bot that you can just try screwing around with and trying to understand these charts before you have to even pay a dime of anything. So definitely check that out. Uh I'm always open for conversations in the Discord. So link will be below. Don't be afraid to ask me questions. If you see different charts or different movements in the market that you want to talk about, leave that down below as well. Hope you guys enjoyed it. Good luck out there. Let's go make some money.