Picket is one of the most useful sports betting apps that you can download and use every single day. It syncs up all of your sports books to track all of your bets across multiple sports books. Before Picket, I was using spreadsheets to track all my bets. Now I have it all on my computer or on my phone, easy access to see exactly where my money is. Pickicket is a great tool for new sports betterers, but also professional betterers. The average sports better tends to overweigh their wins and underweigh their losses, thinking that they're actually up more money than they are. They simply remember the big wins and forget their cold streaks. This creates a bad problem where they are spending more money than they actually know that they're losing. And then when it comes to a professional, there is deep analysis that Picket provides you with CLV analysis, bet tracking, historical line movement, and many more things. Before we go any further with this review, I want to state that I am a professional sports better. I've been doing this for over three years and I use Picket literally every single day for the past three years. Also, this is not paid by Pickicket. They don't know I'm doing this video and any link that I post, I have no reward for posting that link. This is simply spreading awareness about this great tool that's out there. As great as Picket is, there is some downsides and there is some feedback that I'm going to leave for Picket, but that'll be at the end of the video, so make sure you keep watching. Not only is Picket a great tool for tracking your bets and doing deep analysis, but it's also a fun app to be on. It kind of acts like Twitter where there's a social aspect to it where you can post a link direct to your bet. You can say, give it a little write up of why you like the bet and have people copy it. It's a really fun community. Um, it's something that I just scroll through every single day looking at my best friend's bets. Uh, just see how other people are doing where you can post your big wins, kind of brag about it, but also post, you know, why you like a certain play and a deep an analysis about it. So, it's a really cool app just to kind of scroll through. Uh, great app to connect with your friends and meet other people in this space. For the average better, Picket solves the problem of that overconfidence in your wins and underestimating your losses where the average better really has no idea how much they're up or down. The theory with Picket is, you know, you can't fix a leak if you never measurement. So, Picket removes the guesswork and replaces it with data. Instead of thinking that you're up betting money lines, Picket actually shows you exact numbers, your ROI, how much dollar amounts are up or down or units, whatever you want to see, and it puts it in real numbers, and there's no guesswork. For a professional better, Pickicket solves many problems. It's a clean user interface with dashboards showing your ROI, your profit, your volume. You can tag your bets. You can break them down per sport, per per league, per bet type, per player. You name it, you can break it down. It shows you the win rate and ROI per each segment. You can also look at your CLV across certain markets, which is a really important tool to have. They also identify promos and bonus bets that you can take advantage of along with just presenting all this information in a really visually appleasing way that makes it easy to understand this information. So, Picket has three different pricing options. One, they have a free app, which is great and I recommend everyone using. Secondly, they have the plus plan, which is $12.99 a month, but if you pay for the year in advance, it's $99.99 for the year. Now, the pro plan is $29.99 a month or $199 for the year. So, you get a little discount if you pay ahead for the year. But we're going to walk through each of the features in these plans, and I'll recommend what plan I think is best for you. So, every single person should have the free plan. Uh, it's just a no-brainer. It's free bet tracking. It's free line shopping. So, it has, you know, dozens and dozens of sports books to tell you which book has the best line. So, if you want to go to bet on your favorite team, you at least know which book has the best line or best price available. So, awesome free features there. And of course, you get the social features as well where you can follow your friends and see each other's bets, comments on each other's posts. It's a really fun time. So, the free version is what I would recommend for every single sports better um that is spending any of their hard-earned money on sports bets. This is something you need to have. You need to know exactly where your money is going. Now, the Plus plan opens up a really different door because there's so many extra features this has. And if you are taking sports betting just a little bit more seriously, you are actually trying to make a little bit of money or maybe you just want to have a better understanding of where exactly your money is going, then I recommend the Picket Plus. So this gives you access to the website which is basically everything you get on the phone or on your app but just a different you know interface and you can use it on a computer which is a obviously a benefit there. Unlimited B bet tracking is probably my favorite feature and the feature that I use a lot. This is where, you know, I'm someone who will place up to 100 bets a day when it comes to college basketball, uh, football, and hockey, and NBA all going out at the same time. I could have hundreds of bets out throughout the day. And Picket does a great job of breaking it down per sport and per market, so I don't have to actually go in there and tag the bets. But what you do want to tag is where these bets came from, if they came from different sources. So if you're paying for someone's picks, you want to track all of their bets to see if they're making you money or losing you money. If you are a plus EV better, depending on what tool you're using or how you find the bets, it's really important to be able to tag your bets um and see and break it down, you know, per tag. It's really important. I'll get into that later in the video. The historical calendars is, you know, a dayby-day breakdown of how much money you won or loss. Uh these are, you see these all over Twitter, you see them all over Picket. Um people bragging about how much money they won or lost. But it's another good visual uh aspect that I like to use. And along with the historical graph, so I can look at a a line graph of how much money I won or lost over the last week, over the last month, over the last uh year, or all time. It breaks it down per feature. Uh you can bet search. So, if you're looking just for a certain player prop, you can search your bet. Uh, bet filtering is, you know, another way you can just filter through your bets. There's a private Discord, uh, which is full of all the Picket Pro and Picket Plus members. So, it's people that are taking sports betting a little bit more serious, so it's a good discord to be in. Um, they do different giveaways in there where if you guess the correct score and how many passing yards a quarterback will have on, you know, the prime time games, you can win a lot of money. Um, I think they add $100 to the pot every week. I think it's up to like $8, $900 at the moment. So, it's a really fun interactive uh game to play. Actually, I have a pick a t-shirt on, which I actually won uh by guessing the correct score about a year ago. So, I have that shirt on now. And then the premium support. And let me tell you this, they give you a direct line to text for premium support and they answer you right away. They fix whatever issue you're having. the support team is absolutely great there. Um, so this is another huge perk to have during the plus. And for the Picket Pro, this is where, you know, I'm going to recommend Pickicket Pro to anyone that is 100% trying to make money sports betting. If you want to be a profitable better through your, you know, your own analysis or plus EV betting, Pickicket Pro is definitely a must if your bankroll can sustain it. So, it's $30 a month. If your bankroll is only a couple hundred, I'm not going to recommend Pickicket Pro to you. I might not even recommend Plus. Until you can grow your bankroll to where this cost is, I would say like a quarter or a half of a unit, that's what it's probably going to be worth um to you long term. So, for me, uh this just makes sense to have because I use a lot of the features on Picket Pro all the time. So, let's look at each of these Picket Pro features. First one here is your promos and reward center. And I kind of touched on this earlier, but there's a separate page for Picket Pro members to see which promos are expiring soon. Uh, which boosts are expiring. It gives you notifications like go, hey, hey, go use this boost before it expires. Uh, if you're trying to make money sports betting, using your bonuses, uh, and your promos are very important. And so Picket Pro does a nice job of making sure you're fully taking advantage of of all the promos and boosts that the sports books offer you. Now, here's the great thing is the CLV analysis here. And this is a tool that lets you track your closing line value, how often you're beating it. Uh it compares your expected value to your actual value and a great line graph so you can understand it. There's also things you can tweak tweak here where you can compare your bets to the best line available or you can pick certain sports books to compare it to. I personally use circa bookmaker and pinnacle uh along with the exchanges as my source of truth to compare my bets. If I can beat all four of those books and get better prices than them, then I'm really confident in my closing line value. So the CLV is a great metric to be able to see. Uh same game parlay and line shopping. So, like I said, line shopping where if you want to look for the best price on one bet, you can easily do that because it'll show you the price across all the different sports books, but you can also build a parlay or a same game parlay and it'll build that parlay across every single sports book and give you the best line available. So, you can find there's a lot of edges to be found when it comes to building same game parlays. So, I'd recommend playing around with that feature for sure. Uh the bet uh transaction exporting is a feature that I use every single year. Um this is a feature where you get all of your bets placed in a CSV file. So it's basically just a breakdown of every single bet you have. I use this for reporting my income every year when it comes to sports betting. So this is a huge timesaver to be able to export every single one of the bets I made across the year. I think I made like 50,000 bets last year. So, it's a great tool to have. Um, exposure and conflicts. So, if you have multiple bets on one game, it tells you um, you know, where you're overexposed and where your conflicts are. I think the uh, scenario analyst page is basically the same thing here. But if you are an arbitrage better, it'll tell you, you know, what your outcome is, what your risk is. Um, it tells you if you know if you have Caitlyn Clark, um, multiple bets on her, it'll tell you the outcome if she scores less than 14 points or if she scores over 20. So, if you have multiple bets or ladder plays, uh, this is a useful tool to just to see the possible scenarios of of those outcomes. Um, you can get odds alerts. So, if you want to set an alert for when the Patriots line gets to plus seven, um, you can set an alert for that. You can set alerts for market opens. If you're trying to beat openers and you want to bet into the market right when it opens, you can do that. Your projected profit is really cool. So throughout the day when there's a bunch of live bets going on, it determines the the win rate of that bet live and tells you how much you're projected to win or lose. I like that a lot. Um it gives you a good idea whether you're going to have a really good or bad day pretty quickly. Uh custom book selection. talked about that too where you can toggle through different books to uh track your value against. So they have u dozens of different sports books to use and including all of the shark books. Future tracking. So if you place uh you know bets on the future like I have Super Bowl winners, I have uh win total winners for the NFL. It keeps track of all those. It tells me my current value to the market which is a really neat tool. Um, also there's a hedging feature where if I have a bet out there um that I placed, let's just say days ago, and then an opportunity to hedge out of my bet for a profit comes up, it'll alert me and tell me that. Uh, picket protection, this is a very important tool to have if you're betting large sums of money. Pickicket protection has saved me over $800 in the past year. Um, I have, you know, it's only $200 a year and it's saved me 800, which this is something I probably wouldn't have picked up on. This was a like a $500 wager I had on a WNBA total where the total was my bet was graded as a loss and then it was like days later that ESPN changed the number. I don't know if it was like a buzzer beater or what happened. Um, so the the book still flagged it as a loss and Picket picked up that the score had changed and now my bet should have been graded as a win and it ended up netting me um $800 difference of what I would have lost. So Picket Protection if you're betting big is definitely awesome. And then the pro center which is just you know where they help you and you know they treat their pro members or anyone paying for their product very very well. So those are most of the features that Picket Pro has. I'm probably leaving some features out as well as, you know, by the time you're watching this video, maybe they're adding more stuff. Pickicket is a relatively new product. They're still expanding and adding um different elements to it and they do an absolute great job of keeping up with the times and, you know, really developing their product. It's a great team over at Picket. That being said, I'm going to leave a little bit of feedback to some features that I would like to see or or just some differences in how Pickicket works. As someone who has countless countless hours logged on Picket, um I love literally everything that Picket does, but there's a few things that I would change. So, I'm going to lay that out there now. Uh so, number one is a real cool thing that Picket does is it's a way to see who is profitful or not. When you click on someone's profile, you can see if they are up or down all time. One feature that Picket does which I don't really like is if you are down all time it will remove your all-time data. So if you are so it'll only show the the day, the week and the month. Uh removing the alltime for people that are red. Uh I I don't know if I like the idea. I think it's kind of misleading to where people think that some sports betterers are profitable because they're up on the month when all time, you know, when you get a large sample size, they're actually down. The other cool thing about Picket um or the other kind of downside about Pickicket is you can exclude bets. So you can you can hide your bets um your losing bets, but it does Picket does do a good job of showing u that you've you've hidden bets. So if you click into someone's profile and they have excluded bets, you can click on their excluded bets and see which bets have been removed from their profile. But I think there should be a badge or a label on sports bers that are profitable and don't have excluded bets or vice versa. If you have excluded bets on your profile, there should be a badge next to your name or a warning that you are hiding bets. I think it's a really, you know, picket is to be transparent and when you're excluding bets, I don't think you're being fully transparent. So, that is one feature I would like to see. Um, another feature which I'm sure they're working on, they mentioned this a while ago, is is DMs on on Picket. Like I said, it's a great place to socialize and meet other people. Um, but if you just h you have to comment on people's post to talk to them. It would be cool if you could have a direct line of communication to people and just DM. Like a lot of the people that I've met through the sports betting community have been on Picket and then moved into like a Discord server so we can chat. It's just more efficient way. Uh the other thing CLV tracking is it's you know there's no correct way to do it and it's always a work in process progress but what what the issue that I have um I think the way they do it now is pretty good but when a line moves off a number so much where no book has that line there's no way to track that actual bet. So, I'm like myself, I've been projecting running back um rushing yards and attempts. And when the market moves off my number, it no longer track CLV. So, if I bet, let's just say um Jir Gibbs over, you know, 70 rushing yards. I get it at 70 and the line closes 78 and there's no other book that has 70. It shows that bet as a neutral CLV bet when in reality I absolutely crushed that market. So, when I get, you know, when I place a bet at 70 rushing yards and the market doesn't move, now my bet is negative CLV because the market's still on that number. So, there's really no way for me to gain positive CLV on like a rushing yards because the like the odds don't move, just the numbers move. So, typically you gain value when you bet like something at plus 105 and the line closes minus 120. But with like rushing yards or passing yards or a lot of props, you're really trying to beat the line more than the number. And it's, you know, I don't know exactly the answer of how to do it. Maybe just an indicator whether that line moved for you or against you. It's hard to track CLV percentage like that, but you could at least tell which markets you you you beat or did not beat. And the last thing that I would add is um to add the social aspect on the web version. You don't you know, we don't get that right now. It's I don't spend too much time on my computer and you know most of the time on the social aspect is just on my phone. But I think it's a nice little feature to have and you know those are I don't I'm not even going to call them complaints but those are the only things that I would personally change about Pickicket right now. Um overall it's an amazing product. Absolutely love it. And I said like countless hours like I don't even want to know how many hours I've spent on Picket but it's a lot because this app is truly amazing. Uh I definitely recommend you downloading it. I'll leave that link down below if you're interested in becoming a part of my Discord community called Sharp Money. Um it is a plus EV um eentric discord where we focus on, you know, profitable sports betting and there's over 5,000 members in there right now where we just share ideas with each other. So definitely join the free Discord down below. And also please subscribe to this YouTube channel. It is my absolute goal to grow this YouTube channel and make the best sports betting content for you guys. So, I'd appreciate it if you hit that subscribe button. All right, I'll see you guys next time. Thanks for watching.