Welcome in everyone. My name is Robbie. Some of you might know me as Closing Dime on Picket or on Twitter. Today we're going to have a tutorial of the new Sharp Money products. Now, we're going to focus on the Plus EV tool. I'm going to walk you through how to get set up, exactly what it does and how it can help you make some money. First, I'm going to run this quick video, which is an explainer video of the Plus EV tool, and then I'll give you a tutorial how to get set up and how to use it effectively. If you're betting who you think will win, you're already losing. Most bers trust instincts. Sports books and professionals trust math. Sports betting isn't about opinions or predictions. It's about price, timing, [music] and market movement. And most bets are always late. Sharp Money Plus EV is a powerful tool built to help betterers identify real value in the sports [music] betting market before the lines move. Our plus EV page shows you every available bet with value across the [music] board. Each play is displayed with clear expected value percentages, so you know instantly which bets are worth taking [music] and which ones to ignore. Our Plus EV engine is one of the fastest in the industry, allowing members to get bets before the market adjusts. We cover over 20 sports books, including retail [music] books, exchanges, prediction markets, and offshore sports books, giving you a complete view of the market. And every feature you see on the web is fully [music] available in our clean, fast mobile app. So whether you're at the desk or on the go, you never miss a number. One of our most powerful features is the market trend graph. [music] It shows historical pricing from the sharpest books in the world, including Pinnacle, Circa, and Bookmaker, along with Pinnacle limits, which are critical in deciding when to bet. You can filter this view and see [music] a market trend line that shows where the sharpest books have their mainline set, so you know which direction the market is moving. Our custom filters are the most advanced in the industry. You can filter by EV percentages, [music] pinnacle limits, sportsbook, and market type, and even customize filters per sports book, a feature only available on Sharp Money. With one-click bet links, you go straight from Sharp Money into your sportsbook bet faster than anyone else, allowing you to place more bets and secure more [music] value throughout the day. You also get access to our odds screen, showing current lines across all sports book in one place, plus full Discord access to one of the fastest growing sports betting communities. And you're never on your own. We offer weekly live streams and YouTube content focused on education so you understand why the bets [music] have value. Stop guessing. Follow the market. This is Sharp Money Plus EV.

All right, so that was the little explainer video that went into a little bit of detail about exactly what this product is. But, you know, let's walk through this product. Um, how to find plays, what to look for, and just how to get set up. Now, I'm going to have a lot of videos explaining uh different strategies that we use at Sharp Money that other EV platforms don't use. But, let's first talk about how to get started here and what features we have to offer and how to use them. So, when you first sign up, this app and web product runs exclusively through [ __ ] which is our marketplace. So, when you purchase it on [ __ ] you're going to see the Sharp Money app right here. And that's going to give you access to this page with your odd screen and your plus EV tool and your signal tool if you have uh the alpha plan. Now, you're also going to have these integrations, which are the uh Discord integrations. So you can click your Discord and then you can connect your Discord account to get access to premium channels and stuff like that. So the first thing you want to do here is make sure in your settings you have uh go to your account and just make sure that the plan reflects what you have. So if you bought pro, it'll it'll show up as pro. If you bought alpha, it'll show up as alpha. And then make sure your location is set correctly in your time zone just so that uh the deep links work and you know the times for the games all make sense. So the first thing you probably want to do is check out the EV tool and you probably want to start off in the filters page. So the most obvious place to start I would say is the sports books. Just select the sports books that you have. Uh we have over 20 plus sports books uh prediction markets and exchanges along with offshores. I don't use a lot of the offshores and prediction markets as you can see, but here are all the bets I have turned on, all the books I have turned on. You can easily um, you know, click off whatever ones you want to see which ones you don't want to see. We want to leave leave FanDuel on there because we see a lot of plays. So, you have your first options for filters, which are your sports books, and then you have leagues. And this actually breaks it down uh quite a bit inside of the league. So, what you can do is you can go into the NFL league setting and you can go into point spreads. And if you only want to see like some of my someone like myself who's only li who's very limited on a lot of my accounts, I'm only able to really bet anything of size um at full val uh full full games or half games. So, like if you want to see first quarter NFL spreads, you can click these on. I personally have them off so I don't have to see um like first quarter stuff that I can't really get money on. So you can get really advanced into your each market. So point spreads for the NFL, money line for the NFL, and you can do this for every single league. So uh you can really break down what you're seeing on this page. The other cool filter option is our Pinnacle limits, which you know, if you don't know what the Pinnacle limits are, it's essentially how much Pinnacle is willing to accept on any wager from anyone. Um, and this is a direct correlation with how confident they are in a line. Um, we'll get into that in more details when we talk about strategy, but it's really important to, and most markets have a pinnacle limit over a couple thousand dollars so that you know that these lines are um, efficient when you're betting plus EV against them. You can also have a minimum EV percentage as well. So, I keep mine down at 0.5%. Um, if you ever seen me placing bets or talking about EV bets, I love low EV plays uh, with some good market movement. Um, and that's what our EV tool is all about. So, we're going to save these filters here. I'm going to leave the pinnacle limits at 500 for now. And here are all of our plays that are popping up with the value. So, EV percentages is just our expected value. So, we have our own weighted DVIG process. It uses a blend of circa, bookmaker, and Pinnacle. Um, but you'll also be able to see the line movement charts of those three books, which I'll show you in a second. But here's what you see on a typical bet. You'll see the EV percentage. You'll see the uh league, the team, the bet, one-click links to the bet. Uh the pinnacle limits are displayed right here, 2K. Then you can also get a quick view of the entire market u by clicking this view odds matrix. So this is all the books that you have on to see where they're at. So VCU minus 13 12 is plus 145 on fanatics. If we look at the board, we see these are showing you the main lines actually of it. So we don't see the alt lines on this screen, but you see that the main lines are set at 11 and a half here. And you can look at money lines total spread. So quick view of the main lines um for the market. But the really cool tool here is the drop down where you see um the price for Pinnacle, Circa, and Bookmaker if they have this line available along with the Pinnacle limits. So for an example here, the white line is the pinnacle limits. So we see them going from 1,000 to $2,000. And then we see the odds drop, you know, only actually the odds didn't drop at all. They're still at plus 120. So this isn't one that screams a good bet because the line's not moving in one direction. It is a 6% EV play. So it's something worth looking at. And then here is the market trend line which is the main lines for every book. So along with the odds movement the market trend line for the main lines is a really good indicator of where the books are going. So uh for an example it looks like for most of the day all the sharp books Pinnacle Circ and Bookmaker had this at VCU minus 11. Um and now they're currently all sitting at VCUS 11 and a half. does indicate a little bit of action coming in on VCU which would make this a a better play. So looking at the pinnacle odds purely doesn't look great. There's not a whole lot of movement. Uh looking at the mainline trend, we do see a half point movement in our direction. So this would be a play that I would take. Uh let's see if we can find a better one to talk about. Let's see like a a main line that will have all of the books in here. This one's just Pinnacle, but a pretty cool graph here. Uh, Pinnacle limits are starting to go up. Pinnacle odds are kind of leveling out, but overall the market's been down. So, I do kind of like Pelicans plus 16 and a half here. Um, if we look at the full game, we were getting uh the line at 14 12 and now it's 14. So, indicating that they are giving them less points. So, also a very good play. So, you could do the one-click link right into MGM. Um, it will put it right in your bet slip and you can bet it. I won't bother betting this now and wasting time, but you get the point there. I want to see a good chart with multiple books. Let's see. Needs to be like a mainline that all the books have because bookmaker and circa don't always have all the main lines.

I mean this is a great play when we're looking at pinnacle odds dropping and then if we look at this chart we are also seeing odds dropping towards um the under here as well. So, we'll talk about this one even more, but yeah, we see pinnacle limits go up from 3,000 to 4,000, we see a little bit of action. And then when they go from four to five, we see even more action moving downwards towards um in favor of the under here. And the main market trend line tells us paints a really good picture as well where all these books opened up for the main line to be 212 and they are dropping like rocks. uh pinnacle down to 210 for their main line. So two and a half points towards the over under already. This is a bet that you want to get on as soon as possible. It's not only value on Novig, but it's also has value on FanDuel and MGM. So let's see if we can bet this on Novig while I'm here talking about it. Under [clears throat] 210 a.5 minus 101. Let's see if there's any liquidity here to take. Under 210 - 101, we'll take all of that. $192 at minus 101. So, if you're someone with limited accounts, this is a great tool, especially on Novi because you're able to find so much value. Um, but then I could also hit it on FanDuel as well. If I wanted to get more than that $190 down, I can load up FanDuel. I can hit that real quick as well. [clears throat] So, that's a little explainer of how this works. All right, here's a play with all of the the books. So we see bookmaker has their lines at minus 110 and circa just opened at minus 110 as well um for this. So bookmaker and circa are sitting at minus 110 and we're getting plus 105. So I mean there's your value right there. They're telling you it's a coin flip. We're getting plus money. So that's something you take. If the odds don't continue to the end of the page that just means they haven't moved their line. So like circuit opened up at uh minus 110 for this plus six and a half. they haven't moved. So, that's a little bit about betting. I don't want to get into crazy detail. I'll have other videos about that as well. [clears throat] So, that's basically how you set up your filter page. Um, you can also hide your bets. So, like this VCU once you bet it, you can just hit hidden and then you can see all of your your hidden bets there and you can bring them back if you with a click. So, you can place your bets and then hide them once you're done. So, that is the basically the Pro Plus EV tool. Now, we're not going to go into crazy detail about the alpha package, [clears throat] but it does have this signal page which is right now currently flagging a bunch of player props. Um, and this is a proprietary system that we built with all the logic based baked into it. So, there's no looking at line movement charts. There's no thinking about anything. Like you just see a bet and you click it on this page and go bet it as fast as you can. Um, we're running at over a 5% ROI over tens of thousands of bets with this model. So, I recommend everyone just go smash it. But that is not available for Pro. That is only an alpha feature. The other thing that you don't get with Pro that you get with alpha um is the advanced filter settings here. [clears throat] So, if you go into advanced filter settings, you'll see that, you know, we had all of the very advanced filter settings per market and pinnacle limits and such like that. Um, but now what you can do is and in the alpha package, you can break it down per sports book, which is very, very valuable if you're a limited bet like myself. For an example, like MGM, I don't want to see anything that's not like full game spreads. um for most markets like even um like college basketball totals um for the full game like I want I want none of them so I would just turn full games off. I mean first half off but for full games I might want to see plays on MGM for college points for the full game with pinnacle limits of $5,000 and an EV of 3%. So, you can literally go into every single sports book and set your advanced filter settings per market for everything. And I mean, you could spend probably over an hour really dialing in uh what you want to see on the plus EV page with these advanced settings because you can dial in every single sports book so precisely. So, that's something um that is only available in the alpha package if you upgrade to that. So, the other thing that we have available is the odds screen. And you're going to be able to see all of the odds for all of the books that we have, all the sharp books. You can kind of arrange the the books that you want and order here, or you can just get a full view of the market really easily. Um, you know, you can select your sports books here. You can also switch to American decimal or probability percentage. So, you know, if you guys are trying to make markets on uh prediction markets, you might want to see uh what the books have their their probability percent at instead of their American odds, but I like to view everything in American odds. Uh on the screen, you you get to filter by money line, point spread, whatever you want, full game, half game, first quarter, all that stuff. So, that's all there. Um you have all of the markets, UFC, soccer, college basketball, NFL, everything will be there. So, I think that's basically it when it comes to how to navigate through this and and what to look for on on a basic level. Uh, like I said, pay attention for more videos about uh like more advanced betting strategies because if you're using the pro package, you're you have a lot of information to take advantage of. And if you do that correctly, you can really get some great EV plays and and lay off of negative EV plays and really help you scale your bankroll a lot easier. So, hope that explains um this package for you and how to kind of get set up. Make sure you join the Discord. If you have any questions, just ask in the Discord. We're always active in there. Uh links to the website or link to the website will be down below and you'll be able to sign up for any package you want through that. If we're running any promos, you can also find that on the website as well. So, check that out. Um, this next video I'm going to be talking about the alpha product and, you know, what features are in the alpha product and why it makes it worth, you know, that top dollar money. So, appreciate you guys watching. I will see you on the next video.