What's up, guys? It's very early in the morning. It is about 5:55. I'm hopping on a stream right now to show you guys how I take advantage of Sharp Money VIP. I am one of the handicappers in Sharp Money VIP, but I also tail all the plays that Sigma and Mathwins put out when I can. Math wins. He posts most of his plays very early in the morning, usually a 6 a.m. um slate. So, I am up reloading my Discord page, waiting for his plays to pop up here. But while I'm waiting, in the meantime, I'm going to show you guys, you know, some tips um how I get the most money down. So, a little bit about about myself is I can only get down on basically FanDuel, Onyx Odds, couple of the sweep stakes books, and then like Novig. So, today I'm going to act as my unit size being $200. And I'm going to try to get $200 out across these platforms. Um, and that's my goal. So, this might entail me placing $100 on one book, $100 on the other, or maybe even just getting $50 down on one book, and then filling my rest of the orders on Novig. But someone like myself who's been limited on every account for the last couple years, I' I've never had the opportunity to get money down on props. And you know, Novig has given us the chance to really um fill a lot of our orders that we never would have typically got filled. So the other great thing too is that when Mathwinds post the plays, these are plays from yesterday. You can see them over here, is we're good to 10 cents. So if I find this play uh for Ryan uh Cal Brener, he is good if I take the fair value up to minus 124. So that's good to know and it allows you to get down a lot more prices. So I am basically just waiting for math wins to post. He's pretty much like clockwork around 6:00. It is now 5:59. So I'll just be waiting here. Um but yeah, VIP is just it's a we keep the group small. keep it under 100 people. And the goal is really for limited bets to be able to get down on originated plays. So these are plays that MathWins, myself and Sigma all use our own model to find. These are our numbers. They're not blended with anyone else's numbers. They're 100% ours and we ship them out to VIP members um for exclusive plays. So, the other thing too that you might be thinking is a lot of people don't like the plus EV bots because it's a lot of work um to look through all the plays to get their money down. You might think tailing a handicapper is is easy. And I'm going to tell you that, you know, you can just sit here and and tail the bets later in the day, but the goal is for us to gain closing line value. So, if you're not up early, if you're not ready for these plays to be released, then you are going to have, you know, a hard time uh getting the same prices that everyone else is getting. And, you know, someone like myself, we can only hit a few books. I'm not going to fill all these orders, but luckily, Mathwinds posts like over 20 plays a day, and I'm looking at the the slate now for for NBA props is what he specializes in. and he will be doing spreads and totals in the near future, but we have six, seven, like eight, nine, almost nine games today, I think. So, it's going to probably be a massive slate. I'm assuming that even that might be the reason that he's running slightly late. That's all right. I might sit here, have a little bit of my coffee because I haven't had any coffee this morning.

and maybe I'll go look at some bot plays while we're waiting.

Don't want to miss him posting though.

Flip is empty fanatics. It's a good looking bet. What's this one? Syracuse versus North Carolina. Circa is at 45 and a half. Have moved down from 46 and a half.

I like that bet right there. Nice movement. White line is pinnacle limits. Pink line is pinnacle odds. You see that nice downward movement. It's a play I would take. So we have two packages at sharp money. One is the origination which today's whole video is going to be about. And the other is this plus EV bot where you can see the odds movement from bookmaker circuit and pinnacle along with the limits. And then there's a link right to the bet to place them. So, I mean, I'll while we're in here, I'll recap a couple things. Last year, Math Wins sent out over the course of the NBA season over 2,000 bets and he finished up, I believe, over 200 units on 8% ROI. It was either 200 units or 170 units. Uh you can see in his results tab if if we scroll back far enough I guess we can do that. So yesterday this is his day two of the season. This is early in the season. He went 14-8 up about five units. The day before that it's a bigger slate. He went 23 and 11 up 10 units. So those were the first two days of NBA season this year. So I'll scroll back now. He does WNBA props which he finished like four or five% ROI on the year over thousand like close to a thousand bets. Um so I'm going to scroll back to see his results from last year's NBA.

Here we go. We already made it back to NBA in April.

So let's see his last morning grind. He always called it the morning grind. That was kind of his his segment thing because he was up, you know, he gets these plays out at 6:00 a.m. So, he was up at like 4:30, 5:00 a.m. every day um getting his model ready to ship these plays for 6:00 a.m. So, this is very early for anyone not on the East Coast. All right. So, I'm going to I see that he just posted plays. So, we're going to get in there. Um this is a rough look at last year. There's a couple more games after this, but yeah, he made 170 units uh staking one unit per play, 8% ROI. Playoffs, he's absolutely crushed it to start. Uh 22 units and an 18% ROI. So, I'm going to His bets just came up here. Um he says round one, so expect a lot of bets. So, here is the first set of plays. Seeing a ton on DRA, all of them on DraftKings and FanDuel, which I absolutely love because Onyx odds mirrors um FanDuel. So, what I do is we have a quick pick bot which is sponsored or not sponsored. It's brought uh brought to you by Pickicket. They made it for us or they made it and put us and we were allowed to get it in our Discord. So, what it does is you ship out of Slate and it opens it up on Onyx odds to have every single bet. So, the first thing I'm going to go to is Onyx odds and look for all these bets for the same price. So, uh Neimus here I want over 7 and a half assist at minus 115. So, I'm gonna open this one up and I'm gonna, like I said, I'm gonna try for $200 per play. I try to hit Onyx odds first because they're one of the quickest books to move.

I think that I think the point of this video is to show that this is kind of a grind. So, that play is no good there. So, I'm looking for Neus. Uh, let's see. P Payton Pritchard over four and a half rebounds minus 102

which is good. Man, these are bumping quick on Onyx. I think someone might just be ahead of me here. So I might have to get more of them down on the exchanges. Ben Shepard minus 126. All right, so all these are moving. I think once someone hits these quick, then they're done. So, Quinton Grimes on FanDuel we should be able to get. And then I'm going to compare my prices

plus 134 on FanDuel. And then we'll see if we can get the prices somewhere else besides DraftKings because we can be within 10 cents. So, he calls out best value on the board, but there's opportunity to get it down somewhere else. I mean, I I could go and hit these on DraftKings just to see what I can get down, but I don't think it's enough for me to spend my time with, but if you have a DraftKings account where you can still bet up to a unit, then you're you're golden. So, my max bet on FanDuel. Okay, that one just dropped fast, too. So, that's out of the range. It went plus 114. Wow, these lines are I pretty much got every single line yesterday. So, the fact that these ones are moving quick is kind of crazy. All right, let's see if we can get Neus moved. Payton moved.

Daniel Dyson assist at negative minus 140. Looks good.

And then I think I'm going I'll just be going to the exchanges to post the rest of them.

which is where someone has a limited better. That's pretty much where I have to go to get down. The one thing I'll say about the exchanges too is that over the last last year we were doing this, we were probably filling like close to 50% of our orders, but this year there's so much more liquidity in Novig and it's such a an a higher known book that we're getting like probably over 75% fills. So $1. So that's why I don't bother coming back. That's why I don't bother using DraftKings, but I will post all these on exchange. So, we're going to post all these on Novig because I did not really get much down.

So, nice little thing. You can put it in Novig and sometimes they already have prices there. So, Neimus Quinta over 7 1/2 - 115

over 7 and 12 rebounds. So, we're going to make this market

for minus 115.

I said I'm just trying to get 200 down.

And we're going to go Payton Pritchard over four and a half rebounds

minus 102.

So, the quickpick bot makes it very easy to put your orders in. Ben Shepard over rebounds. He called it out at minus 126 over 4 and a half rebounds.

So, if you don't know what the exchange is or what I'm doing is basically I'm it's a peer-to-peer betting service where when I put in Ben Shepard over 4 and a half rebounds at minus 126, it populates his under on this sports book for under four and a half rebounds plus 126. And another pier needs to accept that bet for it to go through. So, we're looking at probably close to 75% of the fills of these bets I put out actually getting filled.

So, I think when he posts the next ones, I'm I'm going to have to race to Onyx odds to get them before they move.

All right, Dyson Daniels under five and a half rebounds. I want this for minus 140.

Okay, great.

And let's see the last one here. Quinton Grimes over 4 and a half plus 134

134 200. I we flat bet everything for a unit. Um, you can you can bet to win a unit. That's also not a bad plan. All right, round two. So, look at Perfect timing. So, second set of plays. I'm going to go right to Onyx odds and try to get these down quick.

I might start from the back. I might hit the Evan Moley line first.

So, Evan Moley over three and a half assists. Uh, that's DraftKings. So, easily toggle between your books here.

All right. Evan Mobley over three and a half, six assist on Onyx. Got that one. Um, I'm looking for all the draftings line. DeAndre Hunter over two and a half assists for plus 141. Plus 141. outside of the 10-cent range. Could maybe play that still. I don't think so. RJ Barrett under five and a half rebounds, minus 128.

So, we're getting some nice fills on $200 bets here on Onyx Odds.

Usually the the points market you can get fills on a little bit better, which we haven't had many points yet.

Um RJ Barrett, DeAndre Hunter over four and a half rebounds. DraftKings plus 110. Oh, these are looking good.

Okay, so I mean I'm getting I'm getting down some serious money now on these. Donovan Mitchell under three and a half assists plus 106.

Here we go. Not sure why those first set of plays moved so fast. Yesterday was like this where I was able to get down every bet on the DraftKings. All right, Colin Murray under four and a half rebounds minus 104.

Sweet. So, I mean, I've pro I just got over $1,000 down in the last couple last minute probably. You know, if he's returning 8% ROI, I mean, that's $80 right there. You think about it in terms of money. That's how I like to do things. Expected value is probably 80 bucks here. He's if these plays have 8% edges like he had last year. And we're not done here. So, I hit all the DraftKings plays. So, now I'm going to go to FanDuel and look at the FanDuel play. So, there's only one FanDuel play, Jamal Sheeed.

And some of these prices might work as well, but I already got my unit down, so I don't need to kind of piece them together. So, she over plus 134. So, that one's actually dead there. So, that's a market I'll have to make. So FanDuel bumped that one.

So I'm making sheed

over four and a half assists plus 134.

I'm going to assume that there's going to be around three, but yeah, we haven't even hit the points market yet, which is where you can get down the most limits. So, that first set was a little rough to get through. I don't know why, but the second round of betting was spot on.

Um, did I miss anything? I feel like did I hit this Alexander Walker bet?

I did not hit the Alexander Walker bet. I must have jumped over it. So, let's see.

What was it?

under 20 under uh two and a half threepo pointers at minus 123.

Oh, was that from the first set of plays? That was all. I didn't hit it because it must have moved. Okay, never mind. Evan Mobley. Did I have that one? Just double checking. Make sure I got all the plays. Yeah, I have Evan Mobley.

All right, I think I'm good. So, I'm basically waiting for round three to come out. I wish he he didn't tell us how many rounds, but he hasn't even touched the points market yet. He's done rebounds and assists. Mostly just rebounds and assists. So, this could be a huge slate. I mean, day one he posted, I think over Yeah, he posted 30 plays and that was with not really a full slate of game. So, now he's got more data, too. It's a little It's a little later in the season, so he's ready to go. Um, while I'm making this video, you know, if you're watching this video and you're interested in VIP, you know, it is kind of pricey. Um, it's $199 per month and the reason being is we keep it under 100 members just because we try not to blow these edges up too quick. Um, the exchanges have given us a better out to where um it's a lot easier for members to get down now. So, we're not blowing up all the soft books right away because players are mostly posting on the exchanges now. we're we're providing liquid liquidity to the exchange. So, it's kind of your opportunity to be kind of a market maker for these exch exchanges. Um, but anyway, what I'm going to say is is at this point in time, we are running a promo called name your price where if you email us here, I'll put it on the banner down here. If you email us at teambetsharpmoney.com

um a price that would work for you, uh we are willing to work with people as long as we're not over that 100 limit cap. Um basically what we'll do is if you're not willing to pay full price, we can get you in for a couple months at a discount or a month you a month or two at a discount. um let you try to make some profits and then after that little you know cheaper trial period is over if you are making money um which we think you absolutely should. I mean honestly I think that we'll probably average 10 to 20 units a month between the three handicap cap cappers combined. These are all straight plays. These are all one unit bets. We're not doing parlays. We're not um telling you to put 10 units on a bet. It's a slow grind. So, you I mean, you have to think about it based on your bankroll. I would say you need you need to be probably a $20 better at least to be safe. Um that your average unit size is $20, which would equate to probably a $2,000 bankroll. Um but, uh with, you know, if you're betting $20 a play, I think VIP is for you. It's not for anyone with a smaller bankroll. Um, I would stick to the plus EV bots until you're able to to build up a size to to join VIP Sharp Money. And the whole goal of this video is to is to be realistic about it. Um, I always say this, but like tailing cappers is

not as easy as you think to be profitable. Like real cappers like you you can see like I'm using multiple screens. odds shopping still like it's not easy to get down. If the plays are good, the lines will move. So, there isn't it's not just cut and dry. So, there's my little rant. Yeah, email us down below if you're interested in the name your price promo. We'll uh let you guys in on that. And always, you know, there's a free Sharp Money Discord as well. I'll leave those links below. You can join the free Sharp Money Discord and uh DM me. We can talk talk about EV betting. We can talk about VIP and I'm getting ready for round three. We got some points now.

All right, let's go.

Nothing like the thrill of sports betting at 6:00 in the morning.

This is what it takes to be profitable, though. This is I have a you know at in the next 30 minutes I'll be getting my kids out of bed and getting ready for work. So this is what I do before anyone's out of bed. I'm alone in my basement making some money. All right, let's start from the bottom again because maybe that was lucky. John Morant under four and a half rebounds minus 141.

All right. Bang. Jaw done. I always just double double check prices. Jaylen Wells, Memphis under 11 and a half points minus 107.

Done.

Sweet. We're going to rip through these bets. Yeah, he I mean he basically posts everything to DraftKings at FanDuel, so it's perfect for me. John Morant, we're going to skip FanDuel because we'll get get them later. Josh Getty under eight and a half rebounds plus 106.

Nice. Nice. We're cooking. We're cooking. Um Giddy Jaylen Brunson over three and a half rebounds plus 123. That one looks dead. That's all right. Jaylen Brunson, uh, Mikuel Bridges over three and a half rebounds minus 110 - 140. So, that one moved a AO points over 11 and a half minus 107. That one's good. So, we So, we only missed two of them here on DraftKings. So, I'll try to remember which ones those were. My brain's not working too good this early in the morning. But, let's go. So we can also we can also compare prices like I can he called them out on DraftKings but FanDuel might have see like AO points uh he called minus 107 FanDuel is minus 108 so it's slightly out of that range

so we wouldn't play it but let's see what else we have so let's go look for a FanDuel plays John Morant under 25 and a half points minus 112 12. So I just tabbed over to the FanDuel page. John Morant under 25 and a half points. Think I think I have to sign in like the minus 112. So that's still good. 168. You know, that's that's close enough to the 200 I was shooting for that. I'm not going to bother posting it on the exchange. Even though a Jama is probably going to get filled because it'll populate the over and someone's going to probably want to play it later in the day. So my other bet is Carl Anthony Towns under one and a half threes plus 118.

So that one moved a lot. We'll post it.

So is that plus 118. Carl Anthony Towns under one and a half plus 118.

So yeah, like I I've mentioned this a couple times, but yeah, the point of the video is to show you that that this is work. Like even though you're tailing someone, like I'm up early putting in the time, it's the only way people want this like instant gratification of just tailing someone and make money. It's it's it's really not that simple all the time. Like this is truly a grind. And you know, if you have a ton of different sports books you can get down on, I'm sure there all these prices are available on Hard Rock and MGM and ESPN Bet, but we try to cater to the sharper books in the exchanges. But everyone's looking for this instant gratification of putting in I mean that's why parlays are so popular is people just want to put $5 $10 down to win $10,000. It's not that easy. Um, this is my all-time picket chart. You know, you look at this bet sizing. I mean, we have over 35,000 bets. Um, this is a grind. Like, this is years of work to make $75,000. This isn't me getting lucky a couple times. This this chart is not luck. This is waking up in the morning before work, putting in the time, putting in the research, placing the bets, uh doing the same thing sometimes later in the afternoon, betting, you know, whenever I have the free time. Oh, so he clarified here round three out of four. So, we're going to get a little extra slate here. So, we ripped through that one. So, I think we're going to be a little bit ahead of him here. So, I could go back and see which ones I didn't hit on DraftKing because the prices bumped, but I'll look at I'll look at the FanDuel bot instead.

It's a lot of just I'm I'm really looking for plays that have multiple books, not just the yellow line is bookmaker. So, the DVI is to bookmaker. I'm looking for better plays. Let's see. DraftKings. Yeah, it's too early. I don't really bet the bot this early in the morning.

So, we're just waiting here. Waiting for Math Wins to call out the the final round of betting, which what time is it? It's almost 6:30, so it's going to be crunch time for me. I'm going to have to rip through these fast. Um, I'm going to refresh my picket page. You'll see how much money you got down today already in the last. So, I've been doing this for 25 minutes. So, we can calculate how much money roughly expected value I've made in 25 minutes of betting. And that's without any of my Novig orders being filled.

I don't love leaving novig orders out on the market all day long. We had a lot of members do it last year who did very well. You're just leaving yourself up uh available for adverse selection where if someone gets ruled out, your bet could be snagged really quick. So, what I typically like to do is you can put timers on them. So, if you want to put a few hours timers or right before um game time, repost these plays because a lot of square bers will come in and and bet right before game time. But I'm done talking. We're hitting more bets. All right, we're starting from the So, DraftKing, a lot of DraftKings to to FanDuel here, so this should be a nice little slate for me.

Keep these browsers good. Go on, Quickpickbot. do your do your thing produce that link for us.

So Ryan done under one and a half threes minus 171 is our first bet.

And I know Mathwinds doesn't have access to Onyx odds. So I think I'm the first one on this book. Sevi Sevie, I don't know this guy's names. assist under two and a half minus 172.

So these are plays you might want to bet like a slightly more just to get closer to your unit size cuz it's big minus play. So I went 250 on that one. Ryan Dunn over four and a half rebounds. Big day for Ryan Dunn. Well, under threes but over rebounds. All right, attack those boards, Ryan.

This is Ryan Dunnus 102 minus 115. So it's out of our We haven't played one out outside of um his range here, but - 115. We could play it to minus 112. I'm not going to play it. Um there might still be an edge to his model there because we can play within 10 cents, but that's a little bit far for me. Walker Kesler over 12US 121.

So this is good. So it moved 6 cents, but it's plenty within his model range to still be good. So he called it minus 121. We can play it up to minus 131. -2727 is still plenty good for me to play. Kesler's in Jamal Murray over three and a half rebounds is our last one for I always just repeat the number and prices so I can remember when I click off screen. Over three and a half minus 112 was the call. We're getting it at the full price. Beautiful. So, I mean, I' I've gotten thousands of dollars down. My Onyx account is almost empty. I think it was at 3, four grand this morning. So, really smashing these player props. And now, I'm going to go back in and hit all of the FanDuel plays.

All right. FanDuel Royce O'Neal points over 12 - 114.

Still, if it's - 120, we're good. It's still in our range. -25 - 122. All right, get it before it moves again.

Okay, - 122. So, we got -22. The call out was minus 114. So, we got 8 cents worse, which is fine. Colin over 13 and 12 points - 104.

It's a little bump to minus 110 but no problem. Oh, big bump. All right, let's post that one on the exchange then. Colin Gby

or Gillisby over 13 and 12 points minus 104

over 13 and 12 points - 104.

Okay, that one's on Novig.

Wonder if we've been smoking fo the last couple days. They're starting to move quick. I think even Jeff or Mathwin's batting them first thing before he sends them out moves the lines sometimes. All right, cool. I mean, I'll do a quick picket refresh here and see how much money I actually got down just this morning. Um, a lot of the times Mathwinds will post an additional slate in the afternoon with another 10 plus bets. So looking at his bets here, I mean there's like eight seven. So 15

27 I we're talking like I think like 35 bets right now that he just sent out in the morning.

re look at my refresh my picket account and see what I have out today. This a little recap on what we just did.

Um so $3,333 that's with none of my novig orders getting filled yet. So I mean just do the math there. Let's just say we make 5% conservatively. um since he made 8% last year over thousands of bets. Uh so we'll multiply that by 5%.

$3,300* 5. So that comes out to $166 if we make 5% on what I just wagered. So, for me to wake up an hour before the kids, hour before everyone gets out of bed to to put in this extra work, you know, I'm projecting to make $165 today uh for this extra time I put in. Uh we started at 6, it's 6:30. So, work that into, you know, that was a half hour. Worked that into an hourly wage. You know, $320 per hour is roughly what I would say I'm making um by placing $200 units on MathWin's place. And that's just one of the cappers. Like I said, I post running back projections throughout the week. I typically have um 10 to 15 plays on my slate. And Sigma also posts NFL props as well. So he typically um will have a slate of 10 to 20 plays as well. So I mean you can easily make 10 to 20 if not, you know, many many more units in a single month. Uh just this month I think I'm I'm up 20 units on my running back props that I sent out to members and math wins in just two days of VIP is up 15 units. So there's 35 units when we're basically just getting started. So um if you guys want to join VIP like I said um DM me on Discord or email us on that that email that is down below right now. Um there's no reason for you not to join the the free Discord. It's full of over 5,000 members that are all plus EV betterers that are trying to make money. So, thank you for watching and I hope that to see you guys in VIP one day.