It's time to face the truth. You suck at sports betting. A lot of people are afraid to admit this fact. They often tell their friends that they are break even or up a little money or down a little money long-term. If you are using any of those phrases to your friends, I can almost guarantee you you're actually losing money sports betting. Admitting that you can't make money sports betting is very difficult, especially in a community where ego plays such a big role in it. Often picking the winner feels better than actually getting paid out because it feeds into your ego. So today we're going to talk about the three biggest mistakes you're making that make your bets terrible. Before we get into it, you're probably asking yourself, why the hell has this guy told me that I suck at sports betting? What does he know that I don't? The fact is, I've been in your shoes. I've been a losing sports better. I've lost for years in a row telling my friends that I was break even or maybe up a little money when in reality I was down pretty bad. Fortunately, before it got too bad, I realized I was going to be sports betting for the rest of my life. And if I couldn't find a way to actually become profitable, I was going to lose so much money over the course of my lifetime. So, for the last two years, I've been studying profitable sports betting strategies, and I've been teaching my subscribers how to become profitable. I started with a $2,000 bankroll, and I've turned that into a $62,000 bankroll in the course of two years. Now, that might not be a lot for some people, but for me, it's quite a bit of money. and I've been just doing this part-time, you know, after work or before work. The first mistake you're making is believing you know it all. The best sports betterers in the world are always adapting and changing their strategies and they always want to continue to learn. If you are stuck in your ways or think you know it all, you have no chance of making money sports betting. Also, knowing the difference between having knowledge about the sport and knowledge about sports betting is completely different. A lot of people think that if I know a lot about the game, if I know a lot about a certain team that I can make money betting them. And that might be true, but you need to understand a lot of the basic sports betting concepts like the Kelly Criterion formula, positive expected value, implied win probability, bankroll management. If you don't understand all of those terms that I just listed off, then you have no chance of making money sports betting, even with all the knowledge in the world about the teams that you're betting into. Sports books love customers that think they know it all about the sports and they will end up just taking all of your money because you think you're placing good bets. In reality, you're not. I mean, if everyone could make money sports betting that had knowledge about sports, it would be easy. the amount of work that needs to go into being a profitable sports better if you're actually going to do your own research. I mean, you need to put in hours of research a day, build models that can spit out fair values for you and compare those prices to the market. And all of that is way over the head of the average sports better that is betting into the sports books. That's why like 98% of sports bers are not going to be profitable long term because they are just using sports knowledge and they have no idea that sports betting knowledge is a completely different realm. So, here's what you do. Drop your ego when it comes to sports betting. If you are betting with your hard-earned money and you are actually trying to make a profit, you should not let your ego get in the way or your emotions play a part in your betting at all. If you are betting on a team because you like them or you think they're going to win that game, that is not enough to put your hard earned money on the line in my opinion. Once you dropped your ego, now it is time to realize that you don't know everything about sports betting. And now you need to open up your mind and start learning new concepts. I learned everything that I know on YouTube just by looking up profitful sports betting concepts. You're going to find tons of videos about it. I also have a sports betting course in my YouTube channel, so definitely check that out. But drop your ego and open your mind up to different concepts. And that's your first step of sucking less. The second reason you suck at sports betting is because you have the fear of missing out. You see someone post a 10 leg parlay that pays 10,000 a one and if it hits, you know, we're all going to make tens of thousands of dollars. Let me tell you something. This is the biggest scam, especially with cappers on Twitter. Well, they will just post tons of parlays. They'll bet tons of longot parlays until one hits and then that's the one that you're going to see on your Twitter timeline of the $100 bet that turned into $100,000. Meanwhile, they lost hundreds of bets before that, but now they have a free advertisement to their customers where you think, "Hey, this guy can make me hundreds of thousands of dollars, tens of thousands of dollars with these crazy longshot parlays." In reality, they just fooled you into paying for their their picks, and they are just going to slowly bleed your bankroll until it's all gone. Even the sports books themselves use this tactic. They put up these pre-made parlays that pay 20 to one, 30 to one. They throw Kevin Hart's face on it. They throw Shaq's face on it. They throw Dave Porto's face on it. and they tell you how many people have copied this bet because they know that you have the fear of missing out when you see there's 10,000 people on the same bet as Dave Portoy and it pays 30 to1. Don't let the fear of missing out influence your betting decisions. Find a strategy that works. Stick to it and don't care about what the other person next to you is doing or what some celebrity is doing because it doesn't matter. You need to find your own edge that works for you and makes you money. The third reason that you suck at sports betting is because you're not price sensitive. And what I mean by that is you probably only have one sports book where if you see the team you like, you see their money line is priced at minus 115, you're just going to go ahead and check and place that bet and not check the other sports books. Meanwhile, on a different sports book, you might be able to get the price at - 105, which is 10 cents better. Now, long term, this amount of money adds up a lot and it will make a big difference in your ability to make money long term or just lose less money by finding better prices. So, for an example here, I ran a simulation where we have two betters each winning at a 53% win rate, which is pretty solid. One better is placing bets at minus 105 and the other better is placing bets at minus 115. Now, over the course of 10,000 bets betting $100 a play, the better that is placing bets at minus 105 will long-term profit $35,000. Now, pro the number two better who is betting at minus15 odds, they are going to end up $8,000. So that's like a $43,000 difference between betting minus15 versus minus 105 over the course of 10,000 bets, which might seem like a lot for you, but if we are looking at a lifetime of bets, 10,000 is probably pretty low. I hope this video was a reality check to some people and hopefully it puts you on a different path. Instead of losing money sports betting, you can now start making money sports betting. Like I said, the first step is learning about sports betting concepts. So, I made a free sports betting course 100% on YouTube. The first video is right here. You can click on that. I also have a free Discord where I help educate people on how to make money sports betting. It's called the Sharp Money Discord. So, check that out below. Also, I appreciate you guys watching. I'll see you next time. Good luck out there.